
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
You are given two integers n and k along with a string s .

Your task is to check whether all possible strings of length n that can be
formed using the first k lowercase English alphabets occur as a subsequence of
s . If the answer is NO, you also need to print a string of length n that can
be formed using the first k lowercase English alphabets which does not occur
as a subsequence of s .

If there are multiple answers, you may print any of them.

Note: A string a is called a subsequence of another string b if a can be
obtained by deleting some (possibly zero) characters from b without changing
the order of the remaining characters.

Input

The first line of input contains a single integer t \, (1 \le t \le 10^5) ,
the number of test cases.

The first line of each test case contains 3 integers n \, (1 \le n \le 26), \:
k \, (1 \le k \le 26), \: m \, (1 \le m \le 1000) , where n and k are the same
as described in the input and m is the length of the string s .

The second line of each test case contains a single string s of length m ,
comprising only of the first k lowercase English alphabets.

It is guaranteed that the sum of m and the sum of n over all test cases does
not exceed 10^6 .

Output

For each test case, print YES if all possible strings of length n that can be
formed using the first k lowercase English alphabets occur as a subsequence of
s , else print NO.

If your answer is NO, print a string of length n that can be formed using the
first k lowercase English alphabets which does not occur as a subsequence of s
in the next line.

You may print each letter of YES or NO in any case (for example, YES, yES, YeS
will all be recognized as a positive answer).

Example

Input

    3
    
    2 2 4
    
    abba
    
    2 2 3
    
    abb
    
    3 3 10
    
    aabbccabab

Output

    YES
    NO
    aa
    NO
    ccc
    
Note

For the first test case, all possible strings (aa, ab, ba, bb) of length 2
that can be formed using the first 2 English alphabets occur as a subsequence
of abba.

For the second test case, the string aa is not a subsequence of abb.

# Annotated Program:
t = int(input())
OUT = []
for _ in range(t):
    (n, k, m) = map(int, input().split())
    s = input()
    (b, s1, s2) = func_1(s, k, n)
    if not b:
        OUT.append('No')
        i = 97
        while i <= k + 97:
            if chr(i) not in s1:
                break
            i += 1
        be9i = chr(i) * (n - len(s2))
        OUT.append(s2 + be9i)
    else:
        OUT.append('Yes')
for i in OUT:
    print(i)

#State of the program right berfore the function call: s is a string consisting of the first k lowercase English alphabets, k is an integer such that 1 <= k <= 26, n is an integer such that 1 <= n <= 26, and the length of s (denoted as m) satisfies 1 <= m <= 1000.
def func_1(s, k, n):
    s1 = ''
    s2 = ''
    alphabet = {chr(i) for i in range(97, 97 + k)}
    for i in s:
        if i in alphabet:
            if len(alphabet) != 1:
                alphabet.remove(i)
            else:
                s2 += i
                alphabet = {chr(i) for i in range(97, 97 + k)}
            s1 += i
        
    #State: s1 is the string `s`, s2 is the last character of `s`, and alphabet is a set containing the first `k` lowercase English alphabets.
    r = len(s1) // k
    return len(s1) >= n * k, s1[r * k:], s2
    #The program returns a tuple containing three elements: a boolean indicating if the length of `s1` is greater than or equal to `n * k`, a substring of `s1` starting from index `r * k` to the end, and the last character of `s1`.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

