
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
[Christopher Tin ft. Soweto Gospel Choir - Baba
Yetu](https://youtu.be/d4iOF4yoNQw)

ඞ

You are given a string s consisting of lowercase Latin characters. You need to
partition^\dagger this string into some substrings, such that each substring
is not a palindrome^\ddagger .

^\dagger A partition of a string s is an ordered sequence of some k strings
t_1, t_2, \ldots, t_k , such that t_1 + t_2 + \ldots + t_k = s , where + here
represents the concatenation operation.

^\ddagger A string s is considered a palindrome if it reads the same backwards
as forwards. For example, \mathtt{racecar} , \mathtt{abccba} , and \mathtt{a}
are palindromes, but \mathtt{ab} , \mathtt{dokibird} , and \mathtt{kurosanji}
are not.

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains an integer t
(1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of test cases.

Each test case contains a string s consisting of lowercase Latin characters (1
\le |s| \le 10^6 ).

It is guaranteed that the sum of |s| over all test cases does not exceed 10^6
.

Output

For each test case, print on one line "YES" if there exists a partition of s
whose parts are not palindromes, or "NO" if there is no such partition.

If the answer is "YES", on the second line, print an integer k — the number of
parts that s needs to be partitioned to such that each part is not a
palindrome. On the third line, print k strings t_1, t_2, \ldots, t_k
representing such a partition. If there are multiple such partitions, print
any of them.

Example

Input

    3
    
    sinktheyacht
    
    lllllllll
    
    uwuowouwu

Output

    YES
    1
    sinktheyacht
    NO
    YES
    3
    uw uow ouwu
    
Note

In the first test case, since \mathtt{sinktheyacht} is already non-palindrome,
the partition [\mathtt{sinktheyacht}] is valid.

In the second test case, as any substring of the string s is palindrome, there
are no valid partitions.

In the third test case, another valid partition is [\mathtt{uw},\mathtt{uo},
\mathtt{wou}, \mathtt{wu}] .

# Annotated Program:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: The function should take two parameters: an integer t (1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4) representing the number of test cases, and a list of strings s where each string consists of lowercase Latin characters (1 ≤ |s| ≤ 10^6) and the sum of |s| over all test cases does not exceed 10^6.
def func():
    t = int(input())
    for i in range(t):
        string = input()
        
        s = list(string)
        
        n = len(s)
        
        done = False
        
        if n == 1:
            print('NO')
            continue
        
        x = s[0]
        
        if x != s[-1]:
            print('YES')
            print(1)
            print(string)
            continue
        
        if s.count(x) == n:
            print('NO')
            continue
        elif s.count(x) == n - 1:
            if n % 2 == 1 and s[(n - 1) // 2] != x:
                print('NO')
            else:
                print('YES')
                print(1)
                print(string)
            continue
        
        count = 0
        
        count2 = 0
        
        for j in range((n + 1) // 2):
            if s[j] != s[n - 1 - j]:
                print('YES')
                print(1)
                print(string)
                done = True
                break
            if s[j] != x and count < 1:
                count = j
            if count > 0:
                if s[j] != x:
                    if count2 > 0 and count2 < count:
                        print('YES')
                        print(2)
                        print(string[:j], string[j:])
                        done = True
                        break
                    elif count2 == count:
                        if count > 1:
                            print('YES')
                            print(2)
                            print(string[:j - 1], string[j - 1:])
                            done = True
                            break
                        else:
                            count2 = 0
                            continue
                    elif count2 > count:
                        print('YES')
                        print(2)
                        print(string[:j], string[j:])
                        done = True
                        break
                else:
                    count2 += 1
        
        if not done:
            print('NO')
        
    #State: `t` is an input integer between 1 and 10^4, `i` is `t - 1`, `string` is the last input string, `s` is a list of characters from the last `string`, `n` is the length of the last `s`, `x` is the first character of the last `s`, `j` is `(n + 1) // 2 - 1`, `count` is the index of the first character in the last `s` that is not equal to `x` (or 0 if all characters are equal to `x`), `done` is False, and `count2` is the count of characters in the last `s` that are equal to `x` after the first mismatch (or 0 if no such characters exist). If `done` is False, the program continues with these variable states.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

