
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
You are designing a new video game. It has n scenarios, which the player may
play in any order, but each scenario must be played exactly once. When a
player switches from a scenario to another scenario, the game shows a
specially crafted transition video to make it all feel part of one big story.
This video is specific to a pair of scenarios, but not to their order, in
other words, the video playing when switching from scenario a to scenario b is
the same as the video playing when switching from scenario b to scenario a .
Therefore, you need to create \frac{n(n-1)}{2} different transition videos,
one for each possible pair of different scenarios.

Each transition video can be either funny or scary. It is boring to see too
many funny videos or too many scary videos in a row. Therefore, your goal is
to create the videos in such a way that no matter in which order does the
player approach the scenarios, they will never see more than \lceil
\frac{3n}{4} \rceil transition videos of the same type in a row.

You have already come up with ideas for at most \lfloor \frac{n}{2} \rfloor of
the transition videos, and therefore already know if those will be funny or
scary. Now you need to choose funny or scary for all other transition videos
in such a way that the above requirement is satisfied.

Input

The first line contains a single integer n (2 \le n \le 24 ) â€” the number of
scenarios in the game.

The next n lines describe the partial transition video plan. Each of those
lines contains n characters. The j -th character of the i -th line corresponds
to the transition video between the i -th and the j -th scenarios. It will be
F if the corresponding transition video will be funny, S if the corresponding
transition video will be scary, ? if the corresponding transition video is
still undecided, or . if i=j .

It is guaranteed that the i -th character of the j -th line and the j -th
character of the i -th line will be the same for all i and j . It is
guaranteed that at most \lfloor \frac{n}{2} \rfloor (n divided by 2, rounded
down) transition videos will already be decided, in other words, that at most
2\lfloor \frac{n}{2} \rfloor characters in the input will be F or S.

Output

Print n lines describing the full transition video plan in the same format as
the input. Each of those lines must contain n characters. The j -th character
of the i -th line must be F if the corresponding transition video is funny, S
if the corresponding transition video is scary, or . if i=j .

Each ? character from the input must be replaced with either F or S, and all
other characters from the input must remain unchanged. It must still hold that
the i -th character of the j -th line and the j -th character of the i -th
line are the same for all i and j .

For each permutation of the n scenarios, it must hold that the transition
videos corresponding to playing the scenarios in this order do not have more
than \lceil \frac{3n}{4} \rceil (3n divided by 4, rounded up) videos of the
same type consecutively.

If there are multiple solutions, print any of them. It can be proven that for
all inputs satisfying the constraints of this problem a solution always
exists.

Examples

Input

    5
    
    .?F??
    
    ?.???
    
    F?.S?
    
    ??S.?
    
    ????.

Output

    .FFFF
    F.FFF
    FF.SF
    FFS.F
    FFFF.

Input

    12
    
    .???????????
    
    ?.??????????
    
    ??.?????????
    
    ???.????????
    
    ????.???????
    
    ?????.??????
    
    ??????.?????
    
    ???????.????
    
    ????????.???
    
    ?????????.??
    
    ??????????.?
    
    ???????????.

Output

    .SSSFFSSSSFS
    S.SFFSFSFFFS
    SS.SFFFSSSFS
    SFS.FFSSSSFS
    FFFF.FFFFFSF
    FSFFF.SFFSFF
    SFFSFS.SSSFS
    SSSSFFS.SSFS
    SFSSFFSS.SFS
    SFSSFSSSS.FS
    FFFFSFFFFF.F
    SSSSFFSSSSF.
    
Note

In the first sample: We are allowed \lceil \frac{3\cdot 5}{4} \rceil=4
transition videos of the same type in a row, but for any permutation of the 5
scenarios the player will see only 4 transition videos in total, therefore we
can choose funny or scary freely. We must still respect the already chosen
types.

In the second sample: One of the 479001600 possible permutations of scenarios
is 1, 7, 4, 12, 9, 8, 2, 6, 10, 3, 11, 5. The player will get the following
sequence of transition videos for this permutation: SSSSSSSSSFS. Even though
this sequence has 10 scary transition videos in total, it has only 9 scary
transition videos in a row, which is the maximum allowed amount (\lceil
\frac{3\cdot 12}{4} \rceil=9 ).

# Annotated Program:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n is an integer such that 2 <= n <= 24. The input is a list of n strings, each of length n, containing characters 'F', 'S', '?', or '.'. The character at the i-th row and j-th column is the same as the character at the j-th row and i-th column for all i and j, and at most 2 * floor(n / 2) characters in the input are 'F' or 'S'.
def func():
    n = int(input())
    a = [0] * (n + 1)
    b = [0] * (n + 1)
    xx = ['']
    for i in range(1, n + 1):
        x = input()
        
        for j in range(1, n + 1):
            if x[j - 1] == 'F':
                a[i] += 1
                a[j] += 1
            elif x[j - 1] == 'S':
                b[i] += 1
                b[j] += 1
        
        xx.append(x)
        
    #State: After the loop executes all iterations, `n` remains the same as the initial input. The list `xx` contains `n + 1` elements, where the first element is an empty string and the next `n` elements are the input strings provided during the loop execution. The lists `a` and `b` are updated such that for each input string `x` at iteration `i`, if the character at index `k` in `x` is 'F', both `a[i]` and `a[k+1]` are incremented by 1. If the character at index `k` in `x` is 'S', both `b[i]` and `b[k+1]` are incremented by 1. All other indices in `a` and `b` remain unchanged.
    sa = []
    sb = []
    for i in range(1, n + 1):
        if a[i] > 0 and b[i] == 0:
            sa.append(i)
        
        if b[i] > 0 and a[i] == 0:
            sb.append(i)
        
    #State: After the loop executes all iterations, `n` remains the same as the initial input, `xx` contains `n + 1` elements where the first element is an empty string and the next `n` elements are the input strings provided during the loop execution. `sa` is a list containing all indices `i` (from 1 to `n`) where `a[i] > 0` and `b[i] == 0`. `sb` is a list containing all indices `i` (from 1 to `n`) where `b[i] > 0` and `a[i] == 0`.
    if (len(sa) >= len(sb)) :
        for i in range(1, n + 1):
            if a[i] == 0 and b[i] == 0:
                sa.append(i)
            
        #State: `n` remains the same as the initial input, `xx` remains unchanged, `sa` contains all indices `i` (from 1 to `n`) where `a[i] == 0` and `b[i] == 0`, and `sb` remains unchanged.
        for i in range(1, n + 1):
            nx = ''
            
            for j in range(1, n + 1):
                if xx[i][j - 1] != '?':
                    nx += xx[i][j - 1]
                elif i in sa[:n // 4] or j in sa[:n // 4]:
                    nx += 'F'
                else:
                    nx += 'S'
            
            print(nx)
            
        #State: The loop has completed all iterations, `n` remains unchanged, `xx` remains unchanged, `sa` contains all indices `i` (from 1 to `n`) where `a[i] == 0` and `b[i] == 0`, `sb` remains unchanged, `i` is `n + 1`, and `nx` is a string of length `n` for each `i` from 1 to `n`, where each character is determined by the conditions in the loop: if `xx[i][j - 1]` is not '?', the character is the one at position `j - 1` in `xx[i]`; if `xx[i][j - 1]` is '?' and `i` or `j` is in the first quarter of `sa` (i.e., `sa[:n // 4]`), the character is 'F'; otherwise, the character is 'S'.
    else :
        for i in range(1, n + 1):
            if a[i] == 0 and b[i] == 0:
                sb.append(i)
            
        #State: `n` remains the same as the initial input, `i` is `n + 1`, and `sb` is a list that contains all indices `i` (from 1 to `n`) where both `a[i]` and `b[i]` are 0. The lists `sa` and `xx` remain unchanged.
        for i in range(1, n + 1):
            nx = ''
            
            for j in range(1, n + 1):
                if xx[i][j - 1] != '?':
                    nx += xx[i][j - 1]
                elif i in sb[:n // 4] or j in sb[:n // 4]:
                    nx += 'S'
                else:
                    nx += 'F'
            
            print(nx)
            
        #State: `n` remains the same, `i` is `n + 1`, and `nx` is a string of length `n` for each iteration of `i` from 1 to `n`, where each character in `nx` is determined as follows: If `xx[i][j - 1]` is not equal to '?', the character is `xx[i][j - 1]`. If `xx[i][j - 1]` is equal to '?' and either `i` or `j` is in the first `n // 4` elements of the list `sb`, the character is 'S'. Otherwise, the character is 'F'.
    #State: After the loop executes all iterations, `n` remains the same as the initial input, `xx` contains `n + 1` elements where the first element is an empty string and the next `n` elements are the input strings provided during the loop execution. `i` is `n + 1`. If `len(sa) >= len(sb)`, `sa` contains all indices `i` (from 1 to `n`) where `a[i] == 0` and `b[i] == 0`, `sb` remains unchanged, and `nx` is a string of length `n` for each `i` from 1 to `n`, where each character is determined by the conditions in the loop: if `xx[i][j - 1]` is not '?', the character is the one at position `j - 1` in `xx[i]`; if `xx[i][j - 1]` is '?' and `i` or `j` is in the first quarter of `sa` (i.e., `sa[:n // 4]`), the character is 'F'; otherwise, the character is 'S'. If `len(sa) < len(sb)`, `nx` is a string of length `n` for each iteration of `i` from 1 to `n`, where each character in `nx` is determined as follows: if `xx[i][j - 1]` is not equal to '?', the character is `xx[i][j - 1]`; if `xx[i][j - 1]` is equal to '?' and either `i` or `j` is in the first `n // 4` elements of the list `sb`, the character is 'S'; otherwise, the character is 'F'.
#Overall this is what the function does:The function reads an integer `n` and a list of `n` strings, each of length `n`, from the user. It processes this symmetric matrix, counting the occurrences of 'F' and 'S' in each row and column. The function then identifies indices where only 'F' or 'S' are present and appends indices with no 'F' or 'S' to the appropriate list. Based on the size of these lists, it updates the matrix by replacing '?' characters: if the list of 'F' indices is larger or equal, it replaces '?' with 'F' for the first quarter of these indices and with 'S' otherwise; if the list of 'S' indices is larger, it replaces '?' with 'S' for the first quarter of these indices and with 'F' otherwise. The function prints the updated matrix. The final state of the program is that `n` remains unchanged, the original input matrix `xx` is unchanged, and the updated matrix is printed.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

