
You are a program verifier. Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description and its execution summary. You can use the execution summary as a guide to understand the programâ€™s behavior. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
After some recent attacks on Hogwarts Castle by the Death Eaters, the Order of
the Phoenix has decided to station n members in Hogsmead Village. The houses
will be situated on a picturesque n\times n square field. Each wizard will
have their own house, and every house will belong to some wizard. Each house
will take up the space of one square.

However, as you might know wizards are very superstitious. During the
weekends, each wizard i will want to visit the house that is exactly a_{i} (0
\leq a_{i} \leq n) away from their own house. The roads in the village are
built horizontally and vertically, so the distance between points (x_{i},
y_{i}) and (x_{j}, y_{j}) on the n\times n field is |x_{i} - x_{j}| + |y_{i} -
y_{j}| . The wizards know and trust each other, so one wizard can visit
another wizard's house when the second wizard is away. The houses to be built
will be big enough for all n wizards to simultaneously visit any house.

Apart from that, each wizard is mandated to have a view of the Hogwarts Castle
in the north and the Forbidden Forest in the south, so the house of no other
wizard should block the view. In terms of the village, it means that in each
column of the n\times n field, there can be at most one house, i.e. if the i
-th house has coordinates (x_{i}, y_{i}) , then x_{i} \neq x_{j} for all i
\neq j .

The Order of the Phoenix doesn't yet know if it is possible to place n houses
in such a way that will satisfy the visit and view requirements of all n
wizards, so they are asking for your help in designing such a plan.

If it is possible to have a correct placement, where for the i -th wizard
there is a house that is a_{i} away from it and the house of the i -th wizard
is the only house in their column, output YES, the position of houses for each
wizard, and to the house of which wizard should each wizard go during the
weekends.

If it is impossible to have a correct placement, output NO.

Input

The first line contains n (2 \leq n \leq 2\cdot 10^{5} ), the number of houses
to be built.

The second line contains n integers a_{1}, \ldots, a_{n} (0 \leq a_{i} \leq n)

Output

If there exists such a placement, output YES on the first line; otherwise,
output NO.

If the answer is YES, output n + 1 more lines describing the placement.

The next n lines should contain the positions of the houses 1 \leq x_{i},
y_{i} \leq n for each wizard.

The i -th element of the last line should contain the index of the wizard, the
house of which is exactly a_{i} away from the house of the i -th wizard. If
there are multiple such wizards, you can output any.

If there are multiple house placement configurations, you can output any.

Examples

Input

    4
    0 4 2 4
    
Output

    YES
    4 4
    1 3
    2 4
    3 1
    1 1 1 3

Input

    4
    1 3 0 1
    
Output

    YES
    2 1
    4 1
    1 1
    3 1
    3 3 3 1

Note

For the sample, the house of the 1st wizard is located at (4, 4) , of the 2nd
at (1, 3) , of the 3rd at (2, 4) , of the 4th at (3, 1) .

The distance from the house of the 1st wizard to the house of the 1st wizard
is |4 - 4| + |4 - 4| = 0 .

The distance from the house of the 2nd wizard to the house of the 1st wizard
is |1 - 4| + |3 - 4| = 4 .

The distance from the house of the 3rd wizard to the house of the 1st wizard
is |2 - 4| + |4 - 4| = 2 .

The distance from the house of the 4th wizard to the house of the 3rd wizard
is |3 - 2| + |1 - 4| = 4 .

The view and the distance conditions are satisfied for all houses, so the
placement is correct.

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/2790cf05cadf5e6334d074a3605416ddb963947f.png)

# Program:
func_1()

def func_1():
    n = int(input())
    a = list(map(int, input().split()))
    positions = []
    for i in range(n):
        positions.append((i + 1, i + 1))
    visit = [-1] * n
    for i in range(n):
        found = False
        for j in range(n):
            if i != j:
                dist = abs(positions[i][0] - positions[j][0]) + abs(positions[i][1] - positions[j][1])
                if dist == a[i]:
                    visit[i] = j + 1
                    found = True
                    break
        if not found:
            print('NO')
            return
    print('YES')
    for pos in positions:
        print(pos[0], pos[1])
    print(' '.join(map(str, visit)))





# Execution Summary:
The function processes a list of integers `a` of size `n` and checks if it is possible to assign coordinates to `n` positions such that the Manhattan distance between each position `i` and another position `j` equals `a[i]` if `i` is not equal to `j`. If such an assignment is possible, it prints "YES" followed by the coordinates of the positions and the indices of the positions that satisfy the distance conditions. Otherwise, it prints "NO". The function does not accept any parameters and does not return any value.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

