
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description and its execution summary. You can use the execution summary as a guide to understand the program’s behavior. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
There is an n \times m grid of white and black squares. In one operation, you
can select any two squares of the same color, and color all squares in the
subrectangle between them that color.

Formally, if you select positions (x_1, y_1) and (x_2, y_2) , both of which
are currently the same color c , set the color of all (x, y) where \min(x_1,
x_2) \le x \le \max(x_1, x_2) and \min(y_1, y_2) \le y \le \max(y_1, y_2) to c
.

This diagram shows a sequence of two possible operations on a grid:

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/efe0d6bfa2062b4821f73fb07120103af504fb62.png)

Is it possible for all squares in the grid to be the same color, after
performing any number of operations (possibly zero)?

Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) —
the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains two integers n and m (1 \le n, m \le
500 ) — the number of rows and columns in the grid, respectively.

Each of the next n lines contains m characters 'W' and 'B' — the initial
colors of the squares of the grid.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n\cdot m over all test cases does not exceed
3\cdot 10^5 .

Output

For each test case, print "YES" if it is possible to make all squares in the
grid the same color, and "NO" otherwise.

You can output the answer in any case (upper or lower). For example, the
strings "yEs", "yes", "Yes", and "YES" will be recognized as positive
responses.

Example

Input

    8
    
    2 1
    
    W
    
    B
    
    6 6
    
    WWWWBW
    
    WBWWWW
    
    BBBWWW
    
    BWWWBB
    
    WWBWBB
    
    BBBWBW
    
    1 1
    
    W
    
    2 2
    
    BB
    
    BB
    
    3 4
    
    BWBW
    
    WBWB
    
    BWBW
    
    4 2
    
    BB
    
    BB
    
    WW
    
    WW
    
    4 4
    
    WWBW
    
    BBWB
    
    WWBB
    
    BBBB
    
    1 5
    
    WBBWB

Output

    NO
    YES
    YES
    YES
    YES
    NO
    YES
    NO
    
Note

In the first example, it is impossible to ever change the color of any square
with an operation, so we output NO.

The second example is the case pictured above. As shown in that diagram, it is
possible for all squares to be white after two operations, so we output YES.

In the third and fourth examples, all squares are already the same color, so
we output YES.

In the fifth example we can do everything in two operations. First, select
positions (2, 1) and (1, 4) and color all squares with 1 \le x \le 2 and 1 \le
y \le 4 to white. Then, select positions (2, 1) and (3, 4) and color all
squares with 2 \le x \le 3 and 1 \le y \le 4 to white. After these two
operations all squares are white.

# Program:
def func():
    t = int(input())
    for tc in range(t):
        (n, m) = map(int, input().split())
        gr = []
        for i in range(n):
            gr.append(input())
        ans = 'YES'
        if gr[0][0] != gr[n - 1][m - 1]:
            impossible = True
            for j in range(m - 1):
                if gr[0][j] != gr[0][j + 1] or gr[n - 1][j] != gr[n - 1][j + 1]:
                    impossible = False
            if impossible:
                ans = 'NO'
            impossible = True
            for i in range(n - 1):
                if gr[i][0] != gr[i + 1][0] or gr[i][m - 1] != gr[i + 1][m - 1]:
                    impossible = False
            if impossible:
                ans = 'NO'
        print(ans)





# Execution Summary:
The function `func` reads input from standard input, where the first line contains an integer `t` representing the number of test cases. For each test case, it reads two integers `n` and `m` representing the dimensions of a grid, followed by `n` lines each containing `m` characters ('W' or 'B') representing the initial colors of the grid. The function then checks if it is possible to transform the grid so that the top-left and bottom-right corners have the same color by only changing the colors of the cells on the borders. If it is possible, the function prints 'YES' for that test case; otherwise, it prints 'NO'. After processing all test cases, the function concludes, and the output for each test case is printed.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

