
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Alex is solving a problem. He has n constraints on what the integer k can be.
There are three types of constraints:

  1. k must be greater than or equal to some integer x ; 
  2. k must be less than or equal to some integer x ; 
  3. k must be not equal to some integer x . 

Help Alex find the number of integers k that satisfy all n constraints. It is
guaranteed that the answer is finite (there exists at least one constraint of
type 1 and at least one constraint of type 2 ). Also, it is guaranteed that no
two constraints are the exact same.

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \leq t \leq 500 ) — the number of test cases. The description of
the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer n (2 \leq n \leq
100 ) — the number of constraints.

The following n lines describe the constraints. Each line contains two
integers a and x (a \in \\{1,2,3\\}, \, 1 \leq x \leq 10^9 ). a denotes the
type of constraint. If a=1 , k must be greater than or equal to x . If a=2 , k
must be less than or equal to x . If a=3 , k must be not equal to x .

It is guaranteed that there is a finite amount of integers satisfying all n
constraints (there exists at least one constraint of type 1 and at least one
constraint of type 2 ). It is also guaranteed that no two constraints are the
exact same (in other words, all pairs (a, x) are distinct).

Output

For each test case, output a single integer — the number of integers k that
satisfy all n constraints.

Example

Input

    6
    
    4
    
    1 3
    
    2 10
    
    3 1
    
    3 5
    
    2
    
    1 5
    
    2 4
    
    10
    
    3 6
    
    3 7
    
    1 2
    
    1 7
    
    3 100
    
    3 44
    
    2 100
    
    2 98
    
    1 3
    
    3 99
    
    6
    
    1 5
    
    2 10
    
    1 9
    
    2 2
    
    3 2
    
    3 9
    
    5
    
    1 1
    
    2 2
    
    3 1
    
    3 2
    
    3 3
    
    6
    
    1 10000
    
    2 900000000
    
    3 500000000
    
    1 100000000
    
    3 10000
    
    3 900000001

Output

    7
    0
    90
    0
    0
    800000000
    
Note

In the first test case, k \geq 3 and k \leq 10 . Furthermore, k \neq 1 and k
\neq 5 . The possible integers k that satisfy the constraints are
3,4,6,7,8,9,10 . So the answer is 7 .

In the second test case, k \ge 5 and k \le 4 , which is impossible. So the
answer is 0 .

# Annotated Program:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: t is an integer such that 1 <= t <= 500. For each test case, n is an integer such that 2 <= n <= 100. Each of the following n lines contains two integers a and x, where a is an integer in {1, 2, 3} and 1 <= x <= 10^9. a denotes the type of constraint: if a=1, k must be greater than or equal to x; if a=2, k must be less than or equal to x; if a=3, k must be not equal to x. It is guaranteed that there is at least one constraint of type 1 and at least one constraint of type 2, and no two constraints are the same.
def func():
    loop = int(input())
    for iterable in range(loop):
        less = []
        
        big = []
        
        no = []
        
        num = 0
        
        innerLoop = int(input())
        
        for iterable2 in range(innerLoop):
            x, a = map(int, input().split())
            if x == 1:
                big.append(a)
            elif x == 2:
                less.append(a)
            else:
                no.append(a)
        
        for i in range(max(big), min(less)):
            if i not in no:
                num = i
                break
        
        print(num)
        
    #State: t is an integer such that 1 <= t <= 500.
#Overall this is what the function does:The function processes multiple test cases, each consisting of a set of constraints on an integer `k`. For each test case, it determines and prints an integer `k` that satisfies all the given constraints. Specifically, it finds an integer `k` that is greater than or equal to the maximum value specified by constraints of type 1, less than or equal to the minimum value specified by constraints of type 2, and not equal to any value specified by constraints of type 3.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

