
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description and its execution summary. You can use the execution summary as a guide to understand the program’s behavior. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
Given an array a of n integers, an array b of m integers, and an even number k
.

Your task is to determine whether it is possible to choose exactly \frac{k}{2}
elements from both arrays in such a way that among the chosen elements, every
integer from 1 to k is included.

For example:

  * If a=[2, 3, 8, 5, 6, 5] , b=[1, 3, 4, 10, 5] , k=6 , then it is possible to choose elements with values 2, 3, 6 from array a and elements with values 1, 4, 5 from array b . In this case, all numbers from 1 to k=6 will be included among the chosen elements.
  * If a=[2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 5] , b=[1, 3, 8, 10, 3] , k=6 , then it is not possible to choose elements in the required way. 

Note that you are not required to find a way to choose the elements — your
program should only check whether it is possible to choose the elements in the
required way.

Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) —
the number of test cases. The descriptions of the test cases follow.

The first line of each test case contains three integers n , m , and k (1 \le
n, m \le 2\cdot10^5 , 2 \le k \le 2 \cdot \min(n, m) , k is even) — the length
of array a , the length of array b , and the number of elements to be chosen,
respectively.

The second line of each test case contains n integers a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n (1
\le a_i \le 10^6 ) — the elements of array a .

The third line of each test case contains m integers b_1, b_2, \dots, b_m (1
\le b_j \le 10^6 ) — the elements of array b .

It is guaranteed that the sum of values n and m over all test cases in a test
does not exceed 4 \cdot 10^5 .

Output

Output t lines, each of which is the answer to the corresponding test case. As
the answer, output "YES" if it is possible to choose \frac{k}{2} numbers from
each array in such a way that among the chosen elements, every integer from 1
to k is included. Otherwise, output "NO".

You can output each letter in any case (lowercase or uppercase). For example,
the strings "yEs", "yes", "Yes", and "YES" will be accepted as a positive
answer.

Example

Input

    6
    
    6 5 6
    
    2 3 8 5 6 5
    
    1 3 4 10 5
    
    6 5 6
    
    2 3 4 5 6 5
    
    1 3 8 10 3
    
    3 3 4
    
    1 3 5
    
    2 4 6
    
    2 5 4
    
    1 4
    
    7 3 4 4 2
    
    1 4 2
    
    2
    
    6 4 4 2
    
    1 5 2
    
    3
    
    2 2 1 4 3

Output

    YES
    NO
    YES
    YES
    NO
    NO
    
Note

In the first test case of the example, it is possible to choose elements equal
to 2 , 3 , and 6 from array a and elements equal to 1 , 4 , and 5 from array b
. Thus, all numbers from 1 to k=6 are included among the chosen elements.

In the second test case of the example, it can be shown that it is not
possible to choose exactly three elements from each array in the required way.

In the third test case of the example, it is possible to choose elements equal
to 1 and 3 from array a and elements equal to 2 and 4 from array b . Thus, all
numbers from 1 to k=4 are included among the chosen elements.

# Program:
def func():
    t = int(input())
    for _ in range(t):
        (n, m, k) = map(int, input().split())
        a = list(map(int, input().split()))
        b = list(map(int, input().split()))
        (len_a, len_b) = (len(a), len(b))
        (count_a, count_b) = (0, 0)
        d = k // 2
        for i in range(max(len_a, len_b)):
            if len_a > i + 1:
                if a[i] <= k:
                    count_a += 1
            if len_b > i + 1:
                if b[i] <= k:
                    count_b += 1
        print('YES' if count_a >= d and count_b >= d else 'NO')





# Execution Summary:
The function processes multiple test cases, where for each test case, it reads integers t, n, m, k, and two arrays a and b. It then checks if at least half of the elements in both arrays a and b are less than or equal to the integer k. If this condition is met for both arrays, it prints "YES"; otherwise, it prints "NO". This process is repeated for each of the t test cases.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

