
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description and its execution summary. You can use the execution summary as a guide to understand the program’s behavior. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
[Nightwish feat. Jonsu - Erämaan Viimeinen](https://youtu.be/QYlFn5q_UQk)

ඞ

Alice has n coins and wants to shop at Bob's jewelry store. Today, although
Bob has not set up the store yet, Bob wants to make sure Alice will buy
exactly k jewels. To set up the store, Bob can erect at most 60 stalls (each
containing an unlimited amount of jewels) and set the price per jewel for each
stall to be an integer number of coins between 1 and 10^{18} .

Fortunately, Bob knows that Alice buys greedily: and she will go to stall 1 ,
buy as many jewels as possible, then go to stall 2 , buy as many jewels as
possible, and so on until the last stall. Knowing this, Bob can choose the
number of stalls to set up, as well as set the price for each stall so that
Alice buys exactly k jewels. Help Bob fulfill the task, or determine if it is
impossible to do so.

Note that Alice does not need to spend all her coins.

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains an integer t
(1 \le t \le 1000 ) — the number of test cases. The description of the test
cases follows.

Each test case contains two positive integers n and k (1 \le n, k \le 10^{18}
) — the number of coins Alice has and the number of jewels Bob wants Alice to
have bought at the end.

Output

For each test case, print on one line "YES" if Bob can erect at most 60 stalls
and set the prices for the stalls such that Alice buys exactly k jewels, or
"NO" if it is impossible to do so.

If the answer is "YES", on the second line, print an integer s (1 \le s \le 60
) — the number of stalls to be set up by Bob. On the third line, print s
positive integers p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_s (1 \le p_i \le 10^{18}) that represent
such a satisfactory pricing p , where p_i is the price per jewel for stall i .
If there are multiple such p 's, print any of them.

Example

Input

    3
    
    7 3
    
    6 4
    
    255 8

Output

    YES
    10
    2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
    NO
    YES
    8
    128 64 32 16 8 4 2 1
    
Note

In the first test case, at the first stall, Alice buys 3 jewels and is left
with 1 coin. This is not enough to buy any jewels for any of the remaining
stalls, so Alice buys exactly 3 jewels at the end.

In the third test case,

  * At the first stall, Alice buys 1 jewel and is left with 127 coins. 
  * At the second stall, Alice buys 1 jewel and is left with 63 coins. 
  * At the third stall, Alice buys 1 jewel and is left with 31 coins. 
  * At the fourth stall, Alice buys 1 jewel and is left with 15 coins. 
  * At the fifth stall, Alice buys 1 jewel and is left with 7 coins. 
  * At the sixth stall, Alice buys 1 jewel and is left with 3 coins. 
  * At the seventh stall, Alice buys 1 jewel and is left with 1 coin. 
  * At the eighth stall, Alice buys 1 jewel and is left with 0 coins. 

Therefore, Alice buys exactly 8 jewels in total.

# Program:
import math as m
import collections as c

"""
t = int(input())
for _ in range(t):
    n = int(input())
    arr = list(map(int,input().split()))
 
 
# Read tree as graph
# Generic BS
def bs(arr,x):
    n = len(arr)
    l, r = 0, n - 1
    if x < arr[0]: return -1
    if x > arr[-1]: return n+1
 
    while l + 1 != r:
        mid = (l + r) // 2
        if x <= arr[mid]:
            r = mid
        else:
            l = mid
    return (l,r)
 
"""
t = int(input())
for _ in range(t):
    (n, k) = list(map(int, input().split()))
    func_1(n, k)

def func_1(n, k):
    if n == k:
        print('YES')
        print(1)
        print(1)
        return
    if n < k:
        print('NO')
        return
    costs = [n - k + 1, 1]
    h = 0
    for i in costs:
        curr = n // i
        h += curr
        n -= i * curr
    if h < k:
        print('NO')
    else:
        print('YES')
        print(2)
        print(*costs)





# Execution Summary:
The function `func_1` accepts two positive integers `n` and `k` (where 1 ≤ n, k ≤ 10^{18}). It prints 'YES' and additional values if `n` can be reduced to 0 by subtracting multiples of `n - k + 1` and 1, such that the total number of subtractions is at least `k`. Otherwise, it prints 'NO'. The function does not return any value.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

