
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
You are given an n \times n chessboard where you and the computer take turns
alternatingly to place white rooks & black rooks on the board respectively.
While placing rooks, you have to ensure that no two rooks attack each other.
Two rooks attack each other if they share the same row or column regardless of
color.

A valid move is placing a rook on a position (r , c ) such that it doesn't
attack any other rook.

You start first, and when you make a valid move in your turn, placing a white
rook at position (r , c ), the computer will mirror you and place a black rook
at position (c , r ) in its turn. If r = c , then the computer can't mirror
your move, and skips its turn.

You have already played k moves with the computer (the computer tries to
mirror these moves too), and you must continue playing the game until there
are no valid moves remaining. How many different final configurations are
possible when you continue the game after the k moves? It is guaranteed that
the k moves and the implied computer moves are valid. Since the answer may be
large, print it modulo 10^9+7 .

Two configurations are considered different if there exists a coordinate (r ,
c ) which has a rook in one configuration, but not in the other or the color
of the rook on the coordinate is different.

Input

The first line contains a single integer t (1 \leq t \leq 10^4 ) — the number
of test cases.

The first line of each test case contains two integers n and k (1 \leq n \leq
3 \cdot 10^5 , 0 \leq k \leq n ) — the size of the chessboard and the number
of moves you have already played respectively.

Each of the next k lines of the test case contains two integers r_i and c_i ,
denoting the i -th move you made.

It is guaranteed that the k moves and the implied computer moves are valid.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 3 \cdot
10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output a single integer on a new line — the total number
of possible final configurations modulo 10^9+7 .

Example

Input

    3
    
    4 1
    
    1 2
    
    8 1
    
    7 6
    
    1000 4
    
    4 4
    
    952 343
    
    222 333
    
    90 91

Output

    3
    331
    671968183
    
Note

In the first test case, we have a 4 \times 4 grid and you've already played 1
move. After you and the computer play a turn, we have a white rook at (1 , 2
), and a black rook at (2 , 1 ). There are three possible configurations from
this state —

  1. You place a white rook at (3 , 4 ) and the computer places a black rook at (4 , 3 ) as a response. 
  2. You place a white rook at (4 , 3 ) and the computer places a black rook at (3 , 4 ) as a response. 
  3. You place a white rook at (3 , 3 ) and then at (4 , 4 ), or the other way around. They both result in the same configuration. 

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/e7812b315860201676eb89d5690dd84b3eb85862.png)

# Annotated Program:
t = int(input())
for _ in range(t):
    L = list(map(int, input().split()))
    (n, k) = (L[0], L[1])
    for j in range(k):
        L1 = list(map(int, input().split()))
        (a, b) = (L1[0], L1[1])
        if a != b:
            n -= 2
        else:
            n -= 1
    print(func_1(n))
    continue

#State of the program right berfore the function call: t is an integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4. For each test case, n and k are integers such that 1 ≤ n ≤ 3 ⋅ 10^5 and 0 ≤ k ≤ n. The pairs (r_i, c_i) for i-th move you made are valid positions on an n × n chessboard, ensuring no two rooks attack each other before and after each move.
def func_1(n):
    dp = [1, 1]
    for i in range(2, n + 1):
        dp += [(dp[-1] + 2 * (i - 1) * dp[-2]) % (7 + 10 ** 9)]
        
        dp.pop(0)
        
    #State: Output State: The list `dp` will contain [12828, 1070834], with `i` being 9.
    #
    #To understand this, let's break down the process:
    #
    #1. Initially, `dp` starts as `[1, 1]`.
    #2. After the first iteration (`i=3`), `dp` becomes `[1, 6]`.
    #3. After the second iteration (`i=5`), `dp` becomes `[6, 28]`.
    #4. After the third iteration (`i=7`), `dp` becomes `[28, 214]`.
    #
    #Following the pattern, we can see that each new element added to `dp` is calculated based on the last two elements of `dp`. Specifically, the formula used is `(dp[-1] + 2 * (i - 1) * dp[-2]) % (7 + 10 ** 9)`.
    #
    #For the fourth iteration (`i=9`):
    #- The new element will be `(214 + 2 * (9 - 1) * 28) % (7 + 10 ** 9) = (214 + 2 * 8 * 28) % (1000000007) = (214 + 448) % 1000000007 = 662 % 1000000007 = 662`.
    #- The updated `dp` will then be `[28, 214, 662]`.
    #
    #For the fifth iteration (`i=11`):
    #- The new element will be `(662 + 2 * (11 - 1) * 214) % (7 + 10 ** 9) = (662 + 2 * 10 * 214) % 1000000007 = (662 + 4280) % 1000000007 = 4942 % 1000000007 = 4942`.
    #- The updated `dp` will then be `[214, 662, 4942]`.
    #
    #Continuing this pattern until the loop completes, the final state of `dp` after all iterations will be `[12828, 1070834]`, with `i` being 9.
    return dp[-1]
    #The program returns 1070834
#Overall this is what the function does:The function accepts an integer \( n \) and computes a sequence using a specific formula. After iterating through values up to \( n \), it returns the last element of the computed sequence, which is 1070834 for any valid input \( n \).

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

