
You are a program verifier. Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
This afternoon, you decided to enjoy the first days of Spring by taking a walk
outside. As you come near the Quidditch field, you hear screams. Once again,
there is a conflict about the score: the two teams are convinced that they won
the game! To prevent this problem from happening one more time, you decide to
get involved in the refereeing of the matches.

Now, you will stay in the stadium to watch the game and count the score. At
the end of the game, you will decide the winner.

Today, two teams are competing: the red Gryffindor (R) and the blue Ravenclaw
(B) team. Each team is composed of P players (1 \leq P \leq 10 ).

The field is a rectangle of N lines and M columns (3 \leq N, M \leq 99 , N and
M are odd). All the positions are integers, and several entities are allowed
to be at the same position in the field. At the beginning of the game, the
field contains goals for the two teams (each team can own between one and five
goals), the players, and exactly one Quaffle. Other types of balls will be
available in the harder versions of the problem.

A game is composed of T steps (0 \leq T \leq 10000 ). At each step, one entity
on the field (a player or a ball) performs one action. All entities can move.
A player can also catch a ball or throw the Quaffle that it is carrying. To
catch a ball, a player must be located on the same cell as it. The Quaffle
does not perform any action while it is being carried; it only follows the
movements of the player. If a player carrying the Quaffle decides to throw it,
the Quaffle is simply put at the current position of the player.

To win a point, a player must leave the Quaffle at a goal of the other team.
When it does, the team of the player wins one point, and the Quaffle instantly
moves to the middle of the field (the cell at the (M+1)/2 -th column of the
(N+1)/2 -th line of the field, starting from 1). There is no goal in the
middle of the field. If a player puts the ball in its own goal, the other team
wins the point.

Input

On the first line, the integers N and M .

The description of the field follows: N lines of M pairs of characters
separated by spaces. Each pair of characters represents a position on the
field. It can be either:

  * .. to represent an empty cell 
  * R0, ..., R9, B0, ..., B9 to represent a player. The first character is the team of the player, and the second is the number of the player in the team. Each pair of characters is unique, but it is not guaranteed that all the pairs appear in the grid. 
  * RG or BG to represent a goal. The blue team tries to put the ball in a red goal (RG) while the red team tries to put the ball in a blue goal (BG). 
  * .Q to represent the Quaffle, which is the ball that the players use to score goals. 

The next line contains T , the number of steps that compose the game. T lines
follow, each describing one action. It contains several pieces of information
separated by a space. First, a pair of characters representing the entity that
must perform the action. Second, the description of the action:

  * U, D, L, R indicate that the entity moves on the grid. It can move to the top of the grid (U), to the bottom (D), to the left (L), or to the right (R). Each entity moves by only one cell at a time. 
  * C indicates that the player catches the ball (only a player can catch a ball). Then, there is a space followed by a pair of characters: the description of the ball caught by the player. This information is needed since in the next versions of the problem, several balls may be in the same cell. 
  * T indicates that the player throws the Quaffle that it is carrying. 

All the actions performed by the entities are guaranteed to be valid: the
players stay in the field, don't catch a ball if they are not in the same
cell, don't release the Quaffle if they are not carrying it, ...

Output

You must output the description of the main events of the game, one event per
line. More precisely:

  * Each time a team scores, you must print t RED GOAL or t BLUE GOAL, depending on the team who scored, where t is the current time (the position of the action in the list of actions, starting from 0). In the case where a player scores in the wrong goal (a red player scores in the red goal, or a blue player scores in the blue goal), you must print the name of the team who wins one point, that is, the other team. 

The events must be printed in ascending order of t.

At the end of the game, you must print the final score as: FINAL SCORE: r b,
where r is the score of the red team and b is the score of the blue team.

Examples

Input

    5 5
    
    .. R1 .. B1 ..
    
    RG .. .. .. BG
    
    RG R0 .Q B0 BG
    
    RG .. .. .. BG
    
    .. R2 .. B2 ..
    
    13
    
    B2 U
    
    B2 U
    
    B2 L
    
    B2 C .Q
    
    B2 L
    
    B2 L
    
    B2 T
    
    R0 R
    
    R0 C .Q
    
    R0 D
    
    R0 R
    
    R0 R
    
    R0 T

Output

    6 BLUE GOAL
    12 RED GOAL
    FINAL SCORE: 1 1
    
Input

    3 5
    
    .. .. R0 .. ..
    
    RG .. .Q .. BG
    
    .. .. B0 .. ..
    
    12
    
    R0 D
    
    R0 C .Q
    
    R0 R
    
    R0 T
    
    R0 D
    
    B0 R
    
    B0 U
    
    B0 C .Q
    
    B0 L
    
    B0 L
    
    B0 L
    
    B0 T

Output

    11 BLUE GOAL
    FINAL SCORE: 0 1
    
Input

    3 5
    
    .. .. R0 .. ..
    
    RG .. .Q .. BG
    
    .. .. B0 .. ..
    
    5
    
    R0 D
    
    R0 C .Q
    
    R0 L
    
    R0 L
    
    R0 T

Output

    4 BLUE GOAL
    FINAL SCORE: 0 1
    
Note

In the first example, a blue player goes to the middle of the grid, at the
position of the Quaffle. He takes it, goes to the goal of the red team, and
lets the ball there. He scores! The ball gets back to the middle of the field,
a red player takes it and scores too.

In the second example, the red player takes the Quaffle, move it and throw it.
The blue player catches the ball, goes to the red goal and scores.

In the third example, the red player takes the ball and scores in the goal of
their own team: the blue team wins a point.

# Annotated Program:
if __name__ == '__main__':
    func_1()

#State of the program right berfore the function call: N and M are integers such that 3 ≤ N, M ≤ 99 and both N and M are odd. The field is represented as a list of N strings, each string containing M characters. Each pair of characters on the field can be one of the following: ".." (empty cell), "R0"-"R9", "B0"-"B9" (player of Gryffindor or Ravenclaw team), "RG" or "BG" (goal), or ".Q" (Quaffle). T is an integer such that 0 ≤ T ≤ 10000, representing the number of steps in the game. Each action in the game is described as a string containing a pair of characters (representing the entity performing the action) followed by a space and then a command (U, D, L, R, C, T) indicating the action type.
def func_1():
    N, M = map(int, input().split())
    field = [input().split() for _ in range(N)]
    T = int(input())
    actions = [input().split() for _ in range(T)]
    quaffle_position = None
    goals = {'RG': 0, 'BG': 0}
    players = {'R': {}, 'B': {}}
    score = {'R': 0, 'B': 0}
    for i in range(N):
        for j in range(M):
            if field[i][j] == '.Q':
                quaffle_position = i, j
            elif field[i][j] in ['RG', 'BG']:
                goals[field[i][j]] += 1
            elif field[i][j][0] in ['R', 'B']:
                team, number = field[i][j]
                players[team][number] = i, j
        
    #State of the program after the  for loop has been executed: `quaffle_position` is a tuple `(i, j)` where `.Q` is located in `field[i][j]`, `goals['RG']` is the count of occurrences of `'RG'` in `field`, `goals['BG']` is the count of occurrences of `'BG'` in `field`, `players['R']` is a dictionary containing the positions of all players whose names start with `'R'` in the form `'R<number>'`, `players['B']` is a dictionary containing the positions of all players whose names start with `'B'` in the form `'B<number>'`, `score` remains unchanged, and `field` and `actions` remain unchanged unless modified within the loop.
    for (t, (entity, action, *args)) in enumerate(actions):
        if action == 'U':
            players[entity[0]][entity[1]] = players[entity[0]][entity[1]][0
                ] - 1, players[entity[0]][entity[1]][1]
        elif action == 'D':
            players[entity[0]][entity[1]] = players[entity[0]][entity[1]][0
                ] + 1, players[entity[0]][entity[1]][1]
        elif action == 'L':
            players[entity[0]][entity[1]] = players[entity[0]][entity[1]][0], players[
                entity[0]][entity[1]][1] - 1
        elif action == 'R':
            players[entity[0]][entity[1]] = players[entity[0]][entity[1]][0], players[
                entity[0]][entity[1]][1] + 1
        elif action == 'C':
            pass
        elif action == 'T':
            quaffle_position = players[entity[0]][entity[1]]
        
        if quaffle_position in goals:
            scoring_team = 'R' if quaffle_position in ['BG'] else 'B'
            opposite_team = 'B' if scoring_team == 'R' else 'R'
            score[opposite_team] += 1
            print(f'{t} {opposite_team.upper()} GOAL')
            quaffle_position = (N + 1) // 2 - 1, (M + 1) // 2 - 1
        
    #State of the program after the  for loop has been executed: Let's analyze the loop step-by-step to determine the final output state after all iterations of the loop have finished.
    #
    #### Step-by-Step Analysis
    #
    #1. **Initial State**:
    #   - `quaffle_position` is a tuple \((i, j)\).
    #   - `goals['RG']` is the count of occurrences of 'RG' in `field`.
    #   - `goals['BG']` is the count of occurrences of 'BG' in `field`.
    #   - `players['R']` is a dictionary containing the positions of all players whose names start with 'R'.
    #   - `players['B']` is a dictionary containing the positions of all players whose names start with 'B'.
    #   - `score` remains unchanged unless modified within the loop.
    #   - `field` and `actions` remain unchanged unless modified within the loop.
    #   - `actions` contains at least one element.
    #   - `t` is 0.
    #
    #2. **Loop Execution**:
    #   - The loop iterates over each action in `actions`.
    #   - For each action, it updates the positions of the players based on the action type ('U', 'D', 'L', 'R').
    #   - It checks if the updated `quaffle_position` is in `goals`. If it is, the scoring logic is applied.
    #   - If `quaffle_position` is in `goals`, the scoring team is determined and the score is updated.
    #   - If `quaffle_position` is not in `goals`, the state remains unchanged.
    #
    #3. **Final State Analysis**:
    #   - After all iterations of the loop, `t` will be the length of `actions` minus one (since `t` starts from 0 and increments by 1 per iteration).
    #   - The `quaffle_position` can be any position in `field` depending on the actions performed by the players.
    #   - The `goals['RG']` and `goals['BG']` counts will not change unless the quaffle enters a goal position.
    #   - The `players['R']` and `players['B']` dictionaries will reflect the final positions of the players after all actions.
    #   - The `score` dictionary will reflect the number of goals scored by either team.
    #   - `field` and `actions` remain unchanged unless modified within the loop.
    #
    #### Final Output State
    #
    #Since the loop iterates through all actions and updates the positions of the players and potentially the score, we need to consider the final state after all possible actions have been processed.
    #
    #- `quaffle_position` can be any valid position in `field` after all actions.
    #- `goals['RG']` and `goals['BG']` remain unchanged unless the quaffle enters a goal position during the loop.
    #- `players['R']` and `players['B']` reflect the final positions of the players.
    #- `score` reflects the number of goals scored by either team, but not both teams simultaneously.
    #- `field` and `actions` remain unchanged unless modified within the loop.
    #
    #Given these considerations, the final output state is:
    #
    #**Output State: **`quaffle_position` is a tuple \((i, j)\), `goals['RG']` is the count of occurrences of 'RG' in `field`, `goals['BG']` is the count of occurrences of 'BG' in `field`, `players['R']` is a dictionary containing the positions of all players whose names start with 'R', `players['B']` is a dictionary containing the positions of all players whose names start with 'B', `score` reflects the number of goals scored by either team, `field` and `actions` remain unchanged unless modified within the loop, `t` is the length of `actions` minus one.
    print(f"FINAL SCORE: {score['R']} {score['B']}")
#Overall this is what the function does:The function processes a game simulation for a simplified Quidditch match between two teams, Gryffindor and Ravenclaw. It accepts a field representation as a list of strings, along with the dimensions of the field (N and M), and a sequence of actions (T actions) that describe movements and scoring events. The function updates the positions of the players and the Quaffle (represented by a special character) according to the given actions. The function also tracks the goals scored by each team and prints the final score. The final state of the program includes the updated positions of players, the count of goals scored by each team, and the position of the Quaffle, while the original field and actions remain unchanged unless modified within the loop. Potential edge cases include invalid actions (e.g., out-of-bounds movement) and unmodified field and actions if no changes are made during the loop. The function does not handle situations where the Quaffle moves into a non-goal position; instead, it resets the Quaffle to a neutral position after a goal is scored.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

