
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description and its execution summary. You can use the execution summary as a guide to understand the program’s behavior. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
[Proof Geometric Construction Can Solve All Love Affairs -
manbo-p](https://soundcloud.com/alice-law-314125270/manbo-p-proof-geometric-
construction-can-solve-all-love-affairs)

⠀

This is the hard version of the problem. The only difference between the two
versions is the constraint on y . In this version 0 \leq y \leq n - x . You
can make hacks only if both versions are solved.

Bessie has received a birthday cake from her best friend Elsie, and it came in
the form of a regular polygon with n sides. The vertices of the cake are
numbered from 1 to n clockwise. You and Bessie are going to choose some of
those vertices to cut non-intersecting diagonals into the cake. In other
words, the endpoints of the diagonals must be part of the chosen vertices.

Bessie would only like to give out pieces of cake which result in a triangle
to keep consistency. The size of the pieces doesn't matter, and the whole cake
does not have to be separated into all triangles (other shapes are allowed in
the cake, but those will not be counted).

Bessie has already chosen x of those vertices that can be used to form
diagonals. She wants you to choose no more than y other vertices such that the
number of triangular pieces of cake she can give out is maximized.

What is the maximum number of triangular pieces of cake Bessie can give out?

Input

The first line contains a single integer t (1 \leq t \leq 10^4 ) — the number
of test cases.

The first line of each test case consists of three integers, n , x , and y (4
\leq n \leq 10^9 , 2 \leq x \leq \min(n, 2 \cdot 10^5) , 0 \leq y \leq n - x )
— the number of sides of the polygon, number of vertices Bessie has chosen,
and the maximum number of other vertices you can choose.

The second line consists of x distinct integers from 1 to n , representing the
vertices Bessie has chosen.

It is guaranteed the sum of x over all test cases does not exceed 2 \cdot 10^5
.

Output

For each test case, output a single integer: the maximum number of non-
intersecting triangular pieces of cake she can give out.

Example

Input

    3
    
    8 4 2
    
    1 6 2 5
    
    7 3 1
    
    6 4 3
    
    4 2 2
    
    1 3

Output

    6
    5
    2
    
Note

In test cases 1 , 2 and 3 , you can get 6 , 5 and 2 non-intersecting
triangular pieces of cake, respectively. A possible construction is shown in
the following pictures:

The green dots represent vertices that Bessie chose, the yellow dots represent
vertices that you chose, the blue lines represent diagonals that are drawn,
and the red numbers represent triangles that are counted.

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/13b28beb7f5f0d100798f357f58c804c5314c869.png)

# Program:
if __name__ == '__main__':
    t = int(input())
    for _ in range(t):
        func_1()

def func_1():
    (n, x, y) = map(int, input().split())
    a = list(map(int, input().split()))
    a = [num - 1 for num in a]
    a.sort()
    present = set(a)
    ans = x - 2
    for i in range(x):
        t1 = (a[i] + 1) % n
        t2 = (a[i] + 2) % n
        if t1 not in present and t2 in present:
            ans += 1
    gaps = []
    for i in range(x):
        next_elem = a[(i + 1) % x] + (n if i == x - 1 else 0)
        gap = next_elem - a[i] - 1
        if gap > 0:
            gaps.append(gap)
    gaps.sort()
    for gap in gaps:
        pairs = gap // 2
        if y >= pairs:
            ans += gap
            y -= pairs
        else:
            ans += 2 * y
            break
    print(ans)





# Execution Summary:
The function `func_1` reads input values for `n`, `x`, and `y` from the user, and a list of `x` integers representing the vertices Bessie has chosen. It then calculates the number of additional vertices that can be chosen to form a convex polygon with Bessie's chosen vertices, under the constraint that at most `y` additional vertices can be selected. The function prints the total number of ways to choose these additional vertices. The state of the program after the function concludes includes the unchanged values of `n`, `x`, `y`, and the list of chosen vertices, along with the calculated and printed value of `ans`.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

