
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Alice and Bob are playing a game on a checkered board. The board has h rows,
numbered from top to bottom, and w columns, numbered from left to right. Both
players have a chip each. Initially, Alice's chip is located at the cell with
coordinates (x_a, y_a) (row x_a , column y_a ), and Bob's chip is located at
(x_b, y_b) . It is guaranteed that the initial positions of the chips do not
coincide. Players take turns making moves, with Alice starting.

On her turn, Alice can move her chip one cell down or one cell down-right or
down-left (diagonally). Bob, on the other hand, moves his chip one cell up,
up-right, or up-left. It is not allowed to make moves that go beyond the board
boundaries.

More formally, if at the beginning of Alice's turn she is in the cell with
coordinates (x_a, y_a) , then she can move her chip to one of the cells (x_a +
1, y_a) , (x_a + 1, y_a - 1) , or (x_a + 1, y_a + 1) . Bob, on his turn, from
the cell (x_b, y_b) can move to (x_b - 1, y_b) , (x_b - 1, y_b - 1) , or (x_b
- 1, y_b + 1) . The new chip coordinates (x', y') must satisfy the conditions
1 \le x' \le h and 1 \le y' \le w .

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/d2faa6ca73d70e765c2cc6ef0834e24c2e4a5528.png)
Example game state. Alice plays with the white chip, Bob with the black one.
Arrows indicate possible moves.

A player immediately wins if they place their chip in a cell occupied by the
other player's chip. If either player cannot make a move (Alice—if she is in
the last row, i.e. x_a = h , Bob—if he is in the first row, i.e. x_b = 1 ),
the game immediately ends in a draw.

What will be the outcome of the game if both opponents play optimally?

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of test cases. This is followed by
the description of the test cases.

Each test case consists of a single line containing six integers h , w , x_a ,
y_a , x_b , y_b (1 \le x_a, x_b \le h \le 10^6 , 1 \le y_a, y_b \le w \le 10^9
) — the dimensions of the board and the initial positions of Alice's and Bob's
chips. It is guaranteed that either x_a \ne x_b or y_a \ne y_b .

It is guaranteed that the sum of h over all test cases does not exceed 10^6 .

Output

For each test case, output "Alice" if Alice wins, "Bob" if Bob wins, and
"Draw" if neither player can secure a victory. You can output each letter in
any case (lowercase or uppercase). For example, the strings "bOb", "bob",
"Bob", and "BOB" will be accepted as Bob's victory.

Example

Input

    12
    
    6 5 2 2 5 3
    
    4 1 2 1 4 1
    
    1 4 1 3 1 1
    
    5 5 1 4 5 2
    
    4 4 1 1 4 4
    
    10 10 1 6 10 8
    
    10 10 2 6 10 7
    
    10 10 9 1 8 1
    
    10 10 8 1 10 2
    
    10 10 1 1 2 1
    
    10 10 1 3 4 1
    
    10 10 3 1 1 1

Output

    Alice
    Bob
    Draw
    Draw
    Draw
    Alice
    Draw
    Draw
    Bob
    Alice
    Alice
    Draw

# Annotated Program:
tt = int(input())
for _ in range(tt):
    func_1()

#State of the program right berfore the function call: t is a positive integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4. Each test case consists of six integers h, w, x_a, y_a, x_b, y_b where 1 ≤ x_a, x_b ≤ h ≤ 10^6 and 1 ≤ y_a, y_b ≤ w ≤ 10^9, and it is guaranteed that either x_a ≠ x_b or y_a ≠ y_b. The sum of h over all test cases does not exceed 10^6.
def func_1():
    r = list(map(int, input().split()))
    n, m, x1, y1, x2, y2 = r[0], r[1], r[2], r[3], r[4], r[5]
    if (x2 <= x1) :
        print('draw')
        #This is printed: draw
        return
        #The program returns None
    #State: t is a positive integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4, r is a list containing six integers obtained from the input split and converted to integers, n is the first element of r, m is the second element of r, x1 is the third element of r, y1 is the fourth element of r, x2 is the fifth element of r, y2 is the sixth element of r, and x2 is greater than x1
    if ((x2 - x1) % 2 != 0) :
        if (y1 == y2) :
            print('Alice')
            #This is printed: Alice
            return
            #The program returns None
        #State: t is a positive integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4, r is a list containing six integers obtained from the input split and converted to integers, n is the first element of r, m is the second element of r, x1 is the third element of r, y1 is the fourth element of r, x2 is the fifth element of r, y2 is the sixth element of r, x2 is greater than x1, and y1 is not equal to y2
        if (y2 > y1) :
            y1 += 1
            x1 += 1
        else :
            y1 -= 1
            x1 += 1
        #State: t is a positive integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4, r is a list containing six integers obtained from the input split and converted to integers, n is the first element of r, m is the second element of r, x1 is increased by 1, y1 is either increased by 1 or decreased by 1 depending on whether y2 is greater than y1, and x2 is the fifth element of r, y2 is the sixth element of r, x2 is greater than x1, and y1 is not equal to y2.
        if (y1 == y2) :
            print('Alice')
            #This is printed: Alice
            return
            #The program returns None
        #State: t is a positive integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4, r is a list containing six integers obtained from the input split and converted to integers, n is the first element of r, m is the second element of r, x1 is increased by 1, y1 is decreased by 1, x2 is the fifth element of r, y2 is the sixth element of r, x2 is greater than x1, and y1 is not equal to y2.
        if (y1 >= y2) :
            a = y2 - 1
        else :
            a = m - y2
        #State: `t` is a positive integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4, `r` is a list containing six integers obtained from the input split and converted to integers, `n` is the first element of `r`, `m` is the second element of `r`, `x1` is increased by 1, `y1` is decreased by 1, `x2` is the fifth element of `r`, `y2` is the sixth element of `r`, `x2` is greater than `x1`, and `y1` is not equal to `y2`. If `y1` is greater than or equal to `y2`, then `a` is `y2 - 1`. Otherwise, `a` is `m - y2`.
        b = x2 - x1
        t = abs(y2 - y1)
        x1 += a
        x2 -= a
        if (x2 <= x1 or x1 < 1 or x2 > n) :
            print('draw')
            #This is printed: draw
            return
            #The program returns a value for `t` which is the absolute difference between `y2` and `y1`, where `y2` is the sixth element of `r` and `y1` is the fourth element of `r`.
        #State: Postcondition: `t` is a positive integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4, `r` is a list containing six integers obtained from the input split and converted to integers, `n` is the first element of `r`, `m` is the second element of `r`, `x1` is increased by `a`, `y1` is decreased by 1, `x2` is the fifth element of `r`, `y2` is the sixth element of `r`, `x2` is greater than `x1`, `y1` is not equal to `y2`, `b` is `x2 - x1`, `t` is `abs(y2 - y1)`, `x2` is decreased by `a`, and the condition `(x2 > x1 and x1 ≥ 1 and x2 ≤ n)` holds.
        if (y2 <= y1) :
            y2 = 1
            y1 -= a
            c = y1 - 1
        else :
            y2 = m
            y1 += a
            c = m - y1
        #State: Postcondition: `t` is a positive integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4, `r` is a list containing six integers obtained from the input split and converted to integers, `n` is the first element of `r`, `m` is the second element of `r`, `x1` is increased by `a`, `y1` is decreased by `1 + a`, `x2` is the fifth element of `r`, `y2` is either `m` or `1` depending on the condition, `x2` is greater than `x1`, `y1` is not equal to `y2`, `b` is `x2 - x1`, `t` is `abs(y2 - y1)`, `x2` is decreased by `a`, and the condition `(x2 > x1 and x1 ≥ 1 and x2 ≤ n)` holds, `c` is either `m - y1` or `y1 - 1` depending on the condition.
        if (b // 2 > a and abs(x2 - c) >= x1 + c and 1 <= y1 <= m and 1 <= x1 <= n) :
            print('Alice')
            #This is printed: Alice
            return
            #The program returns the absolute difference between y2 and y1, which is t.
        else :
            print('draw')
            #This is printed: draw
            return
            #The program returns the absolute difference between y2 and y1, which is t.
    else :
        if (y1 == y2) :
            print('bob')
            #This is printed: 'bob'
            return
            #The program returns None
        #State: t is a positive integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4, r is a list containing six integers obtained from the input split and converted to integers, n is the first element of r, m is the second element of r, x1 is the third element of r, y1 is the fourth element of r, x2 is the fifth element of r, y2 is the sixth element of r, and y1 is not equal to y2
        if (y2 >= y1) :
            a = y1 - 1
        else :
            a = m - y1
        #State: `t` is a positive integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4, `r` is a list containing six integers obtained from the input split and converted to integers, `n` is the first element of `r`, `m` is the second element of `r`, `x1` is the third element of `r`, `y1` is the fourth element of `r`, `x2` is the fifth element of `r`, `y2` is the sixth element of `r`, and `y1` is not equal to `y2`. If `y2` is greater than or equal to `y1`, then `a` is `y1 - 1`. If `y2` is less than `y1`, then `a` is `m - y1`.
        b = x2 - x1
        t = abs(y2 - y1)
        x1 += a
        x2 -= a
        if (x2 <= x1 or x1 < 1 or x2 > n) :
            print('draw')
            #This is printed: draw
            return
            #The program returns None
        #State: `t` is a positive integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4, `r` is a list containing six integers obtained from the input split and converted to integers, `n` is the first element of `r`, `m` is the second element of `r`, `x1` is the third element of `r` increased by `a`, `y1` is the fourth element of `r`, `x2` is the fifth element of `r`, `y2` is the sixth element of `r`, and `y1` is not equal to `y2`, `b` is `x2 - x1`, `t` is the absolute value of `y2 - y1`, `x2` is decreased by `a`, `x2` is greater than or equal to `x1`, `x1` is greater than or equal to 1, and `x2` is less than or equal to `n`.
        if (y1 <= y2) :
            y1 = 1
            y2 -= a
            c = y2 - 1
        else :
            y1 = m
            y2 += a
            c = m - y2
        #State: `t` is a positive integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4, `r` is a list containing six integers obtained from the input split and converted to integers, `n` is the first element of `r`, `m` is the second element of `r`, `x1` is the third element of `r` increased by `a`, `y1` is either 1 or the fourth element of `r`, `x2` is the fifth element of `r`, `y2` is the sixth element of `r` decreased by `a`, `y1` is not equal to `y2`, `b` is `x2 - x1`, `t` is the absolute value of `y2 - y1`, `x2` is decreased by `a`, `x2` is greater than or equal to `x1`, `x1` is greater than or equal to 1, `x2` is less than or equal to `n`, and `c` is either `y2 - 1` or `m - y2` depending on the condition of the if statement.
        if (b // 2 > a and abs(x2 - c) >= x1 + c and 1 <= y1 <= m and 1 <= x1 <= n) :
            print('bob')
            #This is printed: 'bob'
            return
            #The program does not return any value since there is no return statement in the provided code.
        else :
            print('draw')
            #This is printed: draw
            return
            #The program returns None
#Overall this is what the function does:The function processes input values for multiple test cases, where each test case consists of six integers: `t`, `h`, `w`, `x_a`, `y_a`, `x_b`, `y_b`. It determines the winner based on certain conditions involving `x_a`, `x_b`, `y_a`, and `y_b`. The function can return `None` in most cases, but in specific scenarios, it returns the absolute difference between `y2` and `y1`, where `y2` is the sixth element and `y1` is the fourth element of the input list `r`.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

