
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description and its execution summary. You can use the execution summary as a guide to understand the program’s behavior. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
You have some cards. An integer between 1 and n is written on each card:
specifically, for each i from 1 to n , you have a_i cards which have the
number i written on them.

There is also a shop which contains unlimited cards of each type. You have k
coins, so you can buy k new cards in total, and the cards you buy can contain
any integer between 1 and n .

After buying the new cards, you rearrange all your cards in a line. The score
of a rearrangement is the number of (contiguous) subarrays of length n which
are a permutation of [1, 2, \ldots, n] . What's the maximum score you can get?

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of
test cases t\ (1\le t\le 100) . The description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains two integers n , k (1\le n \le 2
\cdot 10^5 , 0\le k \le 10^{12} ) — the number of distinct types of cards and
the number of coins.

The second line of each test case contains n integers a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n (1
\le a_i \le 10^{12} ) — the number of cards of type i you have at the
beginning.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 5 \cdot
10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output a single line containing an integer: the maximum
score you can get.

Example

Input

    8
    
    1 10
    
    1
    
    2 4
    
    8 4
    
    3 4
    
    6 1 8
    
    3 9
    
    7 6 2
    
    5 3
    
    6 6 7 4 6
    
    9 7
    
    7 6 1 7 6 2 4 3 3
    
    10 10
    
    1 3 1 2 1 9 3 5 7 5
    
    9 8
    
    5 8 7 5 1 3 2 9 8

Output

    11
    15
    15
    22
    28
    32
    28
    36
    
Note

In the first test case, the final (and only) array we can get is [1, 1, 1, 1,
1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1] (including 11 single 1 s), which contains 11 subarrays
consisting of a permutation of [1] .

In the second test case, we can buy 0 cards of type 1 and 4 cards of type 2 ,
and then we rearrange the cards as following: [1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2,
1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2] . There are 8 subarrays equal to [1, 2] and 7 subarrays
equal to [2, 1] , which make a total of 15 subarrays which are a permutation
of [1, 2] . It can also be proved that this is the maximum score we can get.

In the third test case, one of the possible optimal rearrangements is [3, 3,
1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, 1, 3] .

# Program:
def func():
    for ii in range(int(input())):
        (n, k) = map(int, input().split())
        a = list(map(int, input().split()))
        a.sort()
        r = a[0]
        rem = 0
        y = 0
        for i in range(0, n - 1):
            if (i + 1) * (a[i + 1] - a[i]) > k:
                r = a[i] + k // (i + 1)
                rem = k % (i + 1)
                y = n - 1 - i
                k = 0
                break
            else:
                k -= (i + 1) * (a[i + 1] - a[i])
                r = a[i + 1]
        if k != 0:
            r = a[n - 1] + k // n
            print((r - 1) * n + 1 + k % n)
        else:
            print((r - 1) * n + 1 + rem + y)





# Execution Summary:
The function `func` processes a series of test cases. For each test case, it reads the number of integers `n` and a target integer `k`, followed by a list of `n` integers `a`. It then sorts the list `a` and calculates a final value based on the sorted list and the target integer `k`. The function prints this final value for each test case. After processing all test cases, the function does not return any value, but the output for each test case is the calculated final value. The function does not modify any variables outside of its scope, and the state of `t`, `n`, `k`, and `a` is reset for each new test case.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

