
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description and its execution summary. You can use the execution summary as a guide to understand the program’s behavior. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
This is an interactive problem.

There is a secret sequence p_0, p_1, \ldots, p_{n-1} , which is a permutation
of \\{0,1,\ldots,n-1\\} .

You need to find any two indices i and j such that p_i \oplus p_j is
maximized, where \oplus denotes the [bitwise XOR
operation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitwise_operation#XOR).

To do this, you can ask queries. Each query has the following form: you pick arbitrary indices a , b , c , and d (0 \le a,b,c,d < n ). Next, the jury calculates x = (p_a \mid p_b) and y = (p_c \mid p_d) , where | denotes the [bitwise OR operation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitwise_operation#OR). Finally, you receive the result of comparison between x and y . In other words, you are told if x < y , x > y , or x = y .

Please find any two indices i and j (0 \le i,j < n ) such that p_i \oplus p_j
is maximum among all such pairs, using at most 3n queries. If there are
multiple pairs of indices satisfying the condition, you may output any one of
them.

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of
test cases t (1 \le t \le 10^3 ). The description of the test cases follows.

Interaction

The first line of each test case contains one integer n (2 \le n \le 10^4 ).
At this moment, the permutation p_0, p_1, \ldots, p_{n-1} is chosen. The
interactor in this task is not adaptive. In other words, the sequence p is
fixed in every test case and does not change during the interaction.

To ask a query, you need to pick four indices a , b , c , and d (0 \le a,b,c,d
< n ) and print the line of the following form:

  * "? a b c d" 

After that, you receive:

  * "<" if (p_a \mid p_b) < (p_c \mid p_d) ; 
  * "=" if (p_a \mid p_b) = (p_c \mid p_d) ; 
  * ">" if (p_a \mid p_b) > (p_c \mid p_d) . 

You can make at most 3n queries of this form.

Next, if your program has found a pair of indices i and j (0 \le i, j < n )
such that p_i \oplus p_j is maximized, print the line of the following form:

  * "! i j" 

Note that this line is not considered a query and is not taken into account
when counting the number of queries asked.

After this, proceed to the next test case.

If you make more than 3n queries during an interaction, your program must
terminate immediately, and you will receive the Wrong Answer verdict.
Otherwise, you can get an arbitrary verdict because your solution will
continue to read from a closed stream.

After printing a query or the answer for a test case, do not forget to output
the end of line and flush the output. Otherwise, you will get the verdict
Idleness Limit Exceeded. To do this, use:

  * fflush(stdout) or cout.flush() in C++; 
  * System.out.flush() in Java; 
  * flush(output) in Pascal; 
  * stdout.flush() in Python; 
  * see the documentation for other languages. 

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 10^4 .

Hacks

To hack, follow the test format below.

The first line contains the number of test cases t (1 \le t \le 10^3 ). The
description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains one integer n (2 \le n \le 10^4 ).

The second line of each test case contains n integers p_0,p_1,\ldots,p_{n-1} ,
which represent a permutation of integers from 0 to n - 1 .

The sum of n over all test cases should not exceed 10^4 .

Example

Input

    2
    4
    
    <
    
    =
    
    >
    
    2
    
Output

    ? 0 2 3 1
    
    ? 1 1 2 3
    
    ? 1 2 0 3
    
    ! 3 2
    
    ! 0 1
    
Note

In the first test case, the hidden permutation is p=[0,3,1,2] .

For the query "? 0 2 3 1", the jury return "<" because (p_0 \mid p_2) = (0
\mid 1) =1 < (p_3 \mid p_1) = (2 \mid 3) = 3 .

For the query "? 1 1 2 3", the jury return "=" because (p_1 \mid p_1) = (3\mid
3)= 3 = (p_2 \mid p_3) = (1 \mid 2)=3 .

For the query "? 1 2 0 3", the jury return ">" because (p_1 \mid p_2) = (3
\mid 1) = 3 > (p_0 \mid p_3) = (0\mid 2)=2 .

The answer i = 3 and j = 2 is valid: (p_3 \oplus p_2) = (2 \oplus 1) = 3 is
indeed equal to the maximum possible value of p_i \oplus p_j . Another valid
answer would be i=0 and j=1 . As the number of queries does not exceed 3n=12 ,
the answer is considered correct.

In the second test case, n = 2 , so p is either [0, 1] or [1, 0] . In any
case, p_0 \oplus p_1 = 1 is maximum possible.

# Program:
import sys
import math

def func():
    I = lambda : list(map(int, input().split(' ')))
    R = lambda : int(input())
    for kp in range(int(input())):
        n = int(input())
        g = 0
        v1 = 0
        for i in range(1, n):
            v2 = i
            print(f'? {v1} {v1} {v2} {v2}')
            sys.stdout.flush()
            r = input('')
            if r == '<':
                v1 = v2
        prev = 0
        for i in range(1, n):
            print(f'? {v1} {i} {v1} {prev}')
            sys.stdout.flush()
            r = input()
            if r == '>':
                prev = i
        print(f'! {prev} {v1}')
        sys.stdout.flush()





# Execution Summary:
The function processes multiple test cases, each defined by an integer `n` such that 2 ≤ n ≤ 10^4. For each test case, it initializes `v1` to 0 and iterates through indices from 1 to n-1. It compares the value at index `v1` with the value at each index `i` and updates `v1` and another variable `prev` based on the comparison results. After completing the comparisons, it outputs the value of `prev`, which is the smallest index `i` (1 ≤ i < n) where the value at that index is greater than the value at `v1`. The function does not return any value but prints the result for each test case.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

