
You are a program verifier. Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
You are designing a new video game. It has n scenarios, which the player may
play in any order, but each scenario must be played exactly once. When a
player switches from a scenario to another scenario, the game shows a
specially crafted transition video to make it all feel part of one big story.
This video is specific to a pair of scenarios, but not to their order, in
other words, the video playing when switching from scenario a to scenario b is
the same as the video playing when switching from scenario b to scenario a .
Therefore, you need to create \frac{n(n-1)}{2} different transition videos,
one for each possible pair of different scenarios.

Each transition video can be either funny or scary. It is boring to see too
many funny videos or too many scary videos in a row. Therefore, your goal is
to create the videos in such a way that no matter in which order does the
player approach the scenarios, they will never see more than \lceil
\frac{3n}{4} \rceil transition videos of the same type in a row.

You have already come up with ideas for at most \lfloor \frac{n}{2} \rfloor of
the transition videos, and therefore already know if those will be funny or
scary. Now you need to choose funny or scary for all other transition videos
in such a way that the above requirement is satisfied.

Input

The first line contains a single integer n (2 \le n \le 24 ) — the number of
scenarios in the game.

The next n lines describe the partial transition video plan. Each of those
lines contains n characters. The j -th character of the i -th line corresponds
to the transition video between the i -th and the j -th scenarios. It will be
F if the corresponding transition video will be funny, S if the corresponding
transition video will be scary, ? if the corresponding transition video is
still undecided, or . if i=j .

It is guaranteed that the i -th character of the j -th line and the j -th
character of the i -th line will be the same for all i and j . It is
guaranteed that at most \lfloor \frac{n}{2} \rfloor (n divided by 2, rounded
down) transition videos will already be decided, in other words, that at most
2\lfloor \frac{n}{2} \rfloor characters in the input will be F or S.

Output

Print n lines describing the full transition video plan in the same format as
the input. Each of those lines must contain n characters. The j -th character
of the i -th line must be F if the corresponding transition video is funny, S
if the corresponding transition video is scary, or . if i=j .

Each ? character from the input must be replaced with either F or S, and all
other characters from the input must remain unchanged. It must still hold that
the i -th character of the j -th line and the j -th character of the i -th
line are the same for all i and j .

For each permutation of the n scenarios, it must hold that the transition
videos corresponding to playing the scenarios in this order do not have more
than \lceil \frac{3n}{4} \rceil (3n divided by 4, rounded up) videos of the
same type consecutively.

If there are multiple solutions, print any of them. It can be proven that for
all inputs satisfying the constraints of this problem a solution always
exists.

Examples

Input

    5
    
    .?F??
    
    ?.???
    
    F?.S?
    
    ??S.?
    
    ????.

Output

    .FFFF
    F.FFF
    FF.SF
    FFS.F
    FFFF.

Input

    12
    
    .???????????
    
    ?.??????????
    
    ??.?????????
    
    ???.????????
    
    ????.???????
    
    ?????.??????
    
    ??????.?????
    
    ???????.????
    
    ????????.???
    
    ?????????.??
    
    ??????????.?
    
    ???????????.

Output

    .SSSFFSSSSFS
    S.SFFSFSFFFS
    SS.SFFFSSSFS
    SFS.FFSSSSFS
    FFFF.FFFFFSF
    FSFFF.SFFSFF
    SFFSFS.SSSFS
    SSSSFFS.SSFS
    SFSSFFSS.SFS
    SFSSFSSSS.FS
    FFFFSFFFFF.F
    SSSSFFSSSSF.
    
Note

In the first sample: We are allowed \lceil \frac{3\cdot 5}{4} \rceil=4
transition videos of the same type in a row, but for any permutation of the 5
scenarios the player will see only 4 transition videos in total, therefore we
can choose funny or scary freely. We must still respect the already chosen
types.

In the second sample: One of the 479001600 possible permutations of scenarios
is 1, 7, 4, 12, 9, 8, 2, 6, 10, 3, 11, 5. The player will get the following
sequence of transition videos for this permutation: SSSSSSSSSFS. Even though
this sequence has 10 scary transition videos in total, it has only 9 scary
transition videos in a row, which is the maximum allowed amount (\lceil
\frac{3\cdot 12}{4} \rceil=9 ).

# Annotated Program:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: n is an integer where 2 ≤ n ≤ 24, and the input consists of n lines, each containing n characters. The j-th character of the i-th line represents the transition video between the i-th and the j-th scenarios, where F means funny, S means scary, ? means undecided, and . means no transition video (i=j). At most \lfloor \frac{n}{2} \rfloor transition videos are already decided (i.e., at most 2\lfloor \frac{n}{2} \rfloor characters are F or S).
def func():
    n = int(input())
    a = [0] * (n + 1)
    b = [0] * (n + 1)
    xx = ['']
    for i in range(1, n + 1):
        x = input()
        
        for j in range(1, n + 1):
            if x[j - 1] == 'F':
                a[i] += 1
                a[j] += 1
            elif x[j - 1] == 'S':
                b[i] += 1
                b[j] += 1
        
        xx.append(x)
        
    #State of the program after the  for loop has been executed: `n` is an integer between 2 and 24 inclusive, `a` is a list of length `n + 1` where `a[j]` (for `j` from 1 to `n`) is the total count of 'F' at position `j-1` across all inputs, and `a[n+1]` is the total count of 'F' in all inputs; `b` is a list of length `n + 1` where `b[j]` (for `j` from 1 to `n`) is the total count of 'S' at position `j-1` across all inputs, and `b[n+1]` is the total count of 'S' in all inputs; `xx` is a list containing all input strings including the initial `['']`, and `x` is the last input string.
    sa = []
    sb = []
    for i in range(1, n + 1):
        if a[i] > 0 and b[i] == 0:
            sa.append(i)
        
        if b[i] > 0 and a[i] == 0:
            sb.append(i)
        
    #State of the program after the  for loop has been executed: `i` is `n + 1`, `n` is an integer between 2 and 24 inclusive, `a` is a list of integers, `b` is a list of integers, `sa` is a list containing the indices `j` for which `a[j] > 0` and `b[j] == 0`, `sb` is a list containing the indices `j` for which `b[j] > 0` and `a[j] == 0`. If the loop executes `n` times, then `sa` and `sb` will contain all valid indices as described, otherwise, the lists will remain as they were initialized (empty).
    if (len(sa) >= len(sb)) :
        t = len(sa)
        for i in range(1, n + 1):
            if a[i] == 0 and b[i] == 0:
                sa.append(i)
            
        #State of the program after the  for loop has been executed: `i` is `n + 1`, `n` is an integer between 2 and 24 inclusive, `a` is a list of integers, `b` is a list of integers, `sa` is a list containing the indices `j` for which `a[j] == 0` and `b[j] == 0`, `sb` is a list containing the indices `j` for which `b[j] > 0` and `a[j] == 0`, `t` is the length of `sa`.
        for i in range(1, n + 1):
            nx = ''
            
            for j in range(1, n + 1):
                if xx[i][j - 1] != '?':
                    nx += xx[i][j - 1]
                elif i in sa[:n // 4 - 1] or j in sa[:n // 4 - 1]:
                    nx += 'F'
                else:
                    nx += 'S'
            
            print(nx)
            
        #State of the program after the  for loop has been executed: `nx` is a string of length `n`, constructed based on the rules described: if `xx[i][j - 1]` is not `'?'`, it is directly added to `nx`. If `xx[i][j - 1]` is `'?'`, `nx` is appended with `'F'` if either `i` or `j` is in `sa[:n // 4 - 1]`, otherwise it is appended with `'S'`. `i` is `n + 1`, `j` is `n + 1`, and the loop does not execute any more iterations since `i` exceeds `n`.
    else :
        for i in range(1, n + 1):
            if a[i] == 0 and b[i] == 0:
                sb.append(i)
            
        #State of the program after the  for loop has been executed: `i` is `n + 1`, `n` is an integer between 2 and 24 inclusive, `a` is a list of integers, `b` is a list of integers, `sa` is a list containing the indices `j` for which `a[j] > 0` and `b[j] == 0`, `sb` is a list containing the indices `j` for which `b[j] > 0` and `a[j] == 0`, the length of `sa` is less than the length of `sb`. After all iterations of the loop, `sa` will contain all indices `j` for which `a[j] > 0` and `b[j] == 0`, and `sb` will contain all indices `j` for which `b[j] > 0` and `a[j] == 0`. If no such indices exist, `sa` will remain an empty list.
        for i in range(1, n + 1):
            nx = ''
            
            for j in range(1, n + 1):
                if xx[i][j - 1] != '?':
                    nx += xx[i][j - 1]
                elif i in sb[:n // 4 - 1] or j in sb[:n // 4 - 1]:
                    nx += 'S'
                else:
                    nx += 'F'
            
            print(nx)
            
        #State of the program after the  for loop has been executed: `i` is `n + 1`, `j` is `n + 1`, `n` is a positive integer between 2 and 24 inclusive, `xx[i][j - 1]` is either `val` or `?`, and `nx` is the final string constructed based on the conditions within the loop for all iterations.
    #State of the program after the if-else block has been executed: *`i` is `n + 1`, `j` is `n + 1`. If the length of `sa` is greater than or equal to the length of `sb`, then `nx` is constructed according to the specified rules: if `xx[i][j - 1]` is not `'?'`, it is directly added to `nx`. If `xx[i][j - 1]` is `'?'`, `nx` is appended with `'F'` if either `i` or `j` is in `sa[:n // 4 - 1]`, otherwise it is appended with `'S'`. If the length of `sa` is less than the length of `sb`, then `i` and `j` remain unchanged, and `nx` is the final string constructed based on the conditions within the loop for all iterations.
#Overall this is what the function does:The function processes an \(n \times n\) grid of characters representing transition videos between scenarios (F for funny, S for scary, ? for undecided, and . for no transition video). It ensures at most \(\lfloor \frac{n}{2} \rfloor\) transition videos are already decided. The function determines two sets of indices, `sa` and `sb`, which represent indices where only 'F' or only 'S' videos are present, respectively. If the number of indices in `sa` is greater than or equal to the number in `sb`, the function sets the undecided videos ('?') to 'F' under certain conditions. Otherwise, it sets them to 'S'. Finally, it prints the modified grid, where undecided videos have been replaced by 'F' or 'S' according to the conditions described. The function handles the case where \(2 \leq n \leq 24\) and ensures the grid is processed correctly even if no indices in `sa` or `sb` meet the specified conditions. If neither set `sa` nor `sb` contains valid indices, the undecided videos remain unchanged.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

