After having fun with a certain contraption and getting caught, Evirir the
dragon decides to put their magical skills to good use â€” warping reality to
escape fast!

You are given a grid with n rows and m columns of non-negative integers and an
integer k . Let (i, j) denote the cell in the i -th row from the top and j -th
column from the left (1 \le i \le n , 1 \le j \le m ). For every cell (i, j) ,
the integer a_{i, j} is written on the cell (i, j) .

You are initially at (1, 1) and want to go to (n, m) . You may only move down
or right. That is, if you are at (i, j) , you can only move to (i+1, j) or (i,
j+1) (if the corresponding cell exists).

Before you begin moving, you may do the following operation any number of
times:

  * Choose an integer i between 1 and n and cyclically shift row i to the left by 1 . Formally, simultaneously set a_{i,j} to a_{i,(j \bmod m) + 1} for all integers j (1 \le j \le m ). 

Note that you may not do any operation after you start moving.

After moving from (1, 1) to (n, m) , let x be the number of operations you
have performed before moving, and let y be the sum of the integers written on
visited cells (including (1, 1) and (n, m) ). Then the cost is defined as kx +
y .

Find the minimum cost to move from (1, 1) to (n, m) .

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of
test cases t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ). The description of the test cases follows.

The first line contains three space-separated integers n , m , and k (1 \leq
n, m \leq 200 , 0 \leq k \leq 10^9 ).

Then, n lines follow. The i -th line contains m space-separated integers,
a_{i,1},\,a_{i,2},\,\ldots,\,a_{i,m} (0 \leq a_{i,j} \leq 10^9 ).

It is guaranteed that the sum of n \cdot m over all test cases does not exceed
5 \cdot 10^4 .

Output

For each test case, output a single integer, the minimum cost to move from (1,
1) to (n, m) .

Example

Input

    5
    
    3 3 100
    
    3 4 9
    
    5 2 4
    
    0 101 101
    
    3 4 1
    
    10 0 0 10
    
    0 0 10 0
    
    10 10 0 10
    
    1 1 3
    
    4
    
    3 2 3
    
    1 2
    
    3 6
    
    5 4
    
    10 10 14
    
    58 49 25 12 89 69 8 49 71 23
    
    45 27 65 59 36 100 73 23 5 84
    
    82 91 54 92 53 15 43 46 11 65
    
    61 69 71 87 67 72 51 42 55 80
    
    1 64 8 54 61 70 47 100 84 50
    
    86 93 43 51 47 35 56 20 33 61
    
    100 59 5 68 15 55 69 8 8 60
    
    33 61 20 79 69 51 23 24 56 28
    
    67 76 3 69 58 79 75 10 65 63
    
    6 64 73 79 17 62 55 53 61 58

Output

    113
    6
    4
    13
    618
    
Note

In the first test case, the minimum cost of 113 can be achieved as follows:

  1. Cyclically shift row 3 once. The grid now becomes 

  2. Move as follows: (1, 1) \to (1, 2) \to (2, 2) \to (2, 3) \to (3, 3) . 

x = 1 operation is done before moving. The sum of integers on visited cells is
y = 3 + 4 + 2 + 4 + 0 = 13 . Therefore, the cost is kx + y = 100 \cdot 1 + 13
= 113 .

In the second test case, one can shift row 1 once, row 2 twice, and row 3
thrice. Then, the grid becomes

x = 6 operations were done before moving, and there is a path of cost y = 0 .
Therefore, the cost is 6 \cdot 1 + 0 = 6 .
