
You are a program verifier. Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description and its execution summary. You can use the execution summary as a guide to understand the program’s behavior. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
This is the easy version of the problem. The only difference between the two
versions is the constraint on t and n . You can make hacks only if both
versions of the problem are solved.

For a binary^\dagger pattern p and a binary string q , both of length m , q is
called p -good if for every i (1 \leq i \leq m ), there exist indices l and r
such that:

  * 1 \leq l \leq i \leq r \leq m , and 
  * p_i is a mode^\ddagger of the string q_l q_{l+1} \ldots q_{r} . 

For a pattern p , let f(p) be the minimum possible number of \mathtt{1} s in a
p -good binary string (of the same length as the pattern).

You are given a binary string s of size n . Find

In other words, you need to sum the values of f over all \frac{n(n+1)}{2}
substrings of s .

^\dagger A binary pattern is a string that only consists of characters
\mathtt{0} and \mathtt{1} .

^\ddagger Character c is a mode of string t of length m if the number of
occurrences of c in t is at least \lceil \frac{m}{2} \rceil . For example,
\mathtt{0} is a mode of \mathtt{010} , \mathtt{1} is not a mode of
\mathtt{010} , and both \mathtt{0} and \mathtt{1} are modes of \mathtt{011010}
.

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of
test cases t (1 \le t \le 500 ) — the number of test cases. The description of
the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer n (1 \le n \le 100
) — the length of the binary string s .

The second line of each test case contains a binary string s of length n
consisting of only characters \mathtt{0} and \mathtt{1} .

It is guaranteed that the sum of n^2 over all test cases does not exceed 10^4
.

Output

For each test case, output the sum of values of f over all substrings of s .

Example

Input

    4
    
    1
    
    1
    
    2
    
    10
    
    5
    
    00000
    
    20
    
    11110110000000111111

Output

    1
    2
    0
    346
    
Note

In the first test case, the only \mathtt{1} -good string is \mathtt{1} . Thus,
f(\mathtt{1})=1 .

In the second test case, f(\mathtt{10})=1 because \mathtt{01} is \mathtt{10}
-good, and \mathtt{00} is not \mathtt{10} -good. Thus, the answer is
f(\mathtt{1})+f(\mathtt{10})+f(\mathtt{0}) = 1 + 1 + 0 = 2 .

In the third test case, f equals to 0 for all 1 \leq i \leq j \leq 5 . Thus,
the answer is 0 .

# Program:
if __name__ == '__main__':
    func_1()

def func_1():
    import sys
    input = sys.stdin.read
    data = input().split()
    index = 0
    num_cases = int(data[index])
    index += 1
    results = []
    for _ in range(num_cases):
        n = int(data[index])
        index += 1
        s = data[index]
        index += 1
        dp = [0] * (n + 1)
        result = 0
        for i in range(n - 1, -1, -1):
            if s[i] == '1':
                dp[i] = n - i + dp[i + 1]
            else:
                dp[i] = dp[i + 1]
        result = sum(dp[:n])
        results.append(result)
    for res in results:
        print(res)





# Execution Summary:
The function processes multiple test cases defined by the number of test cases `t`, the integer `n`, and the binary string `s`. For each test case, it calculates a specific sum based on the binary string `s` using dynamic programming. The function stores these sums in a list `results` and prints each sum after completing all test cases. The final state of the program includes `results` as a non-empty list containing the calculated sums for all test cases, and `result` holding the sum of `dp[:n]` for the last iteration. Potential edge cases include handling invalid input and ensuring that `n` and the length of `s` match. If `s` is empty or `n` is zero, the function still processes the case and calculates the result accordingly.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

