
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
The magical girl Nene has an n\times n matrix a filled with zeroes. The j -th
element of the i -th row of matrix a is denoted as a_{i, j} .

She can perform operations of the following two types with this matrix:

  * Type 1 operation: choose an integer i between 1 and n and a permutation p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n of integers from 1 to n . Assign a_{i, j}:=p_j for all 1 \le j \le n simultaneously. 
  * Type 2 operation: choose an integer i between 1 and n and a permutation p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n of integers from 1 to n . Assign a_{j, i}:=p_j for all 1 \le j \le n simultaneously. 

Nene wants to maximize the sum of all the numbers in the matrix
\sum\limits_{i=1}^{n}\sum\limits_{j=1}^{n}a_{i,j} . She asks you to find the
way to perform the operations so that this sum is maximized. As she doesn't
want to make too many operations, you should provide a solution with no more
than 2n operations.

A permutation of length n is an array consisting of n distinct integers from 1
to n in arbitrary order. For example, [2,3,1,5,4] is a permutation, but
[1,2,2] is not a permutation (2 appears twice in the array), and [1,3,4] is
also not a permutation (n=3 but there is 4 in the array).

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of
test cases t (1 \le t \le 500 ). The description of test cases follows.

The only line of each test case contains a single integer n (1 \le n \le 500 )
— the size of the matrix a .

It is guaranteed that the sum of n^2 over all test cases does not exceed 5
\cdot 10^5 .

Output

For each test case, in the first line output two integers s and m (0\leq m\leq
2n ) — the maximum sum of the numbers in the matrix and the number of
operations in your solution.

In the k -th of the next m lines output the description of the k -th
operation:

  * an integer c (c \in \\{1, 2\\} ) — the type of the k -th operation; 
  * an integer i (1 \le i \le n ) — the row or the column the k -th operation is applied to; 
  * a permutation p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n of integers from 1 to n — the permutation used in the k -th operation. 

Note that you don't need to minimize the number of operations used, you only
should use no more than 2n operations. It can be shown that the maximum
possible sum can always be obtained in no more than 2n operations.

Example

Input

    2
    
    1
    
    2

Output

    1 1
    1 1 1
    7 3
    1 1 1 2
    1 2 1 2
    2 1 1 2
    
Note

In the first test case, the maximum sum s=1 can be obtained in 1 operation by
setting a_{1, 1}:=1 .

In the second test case, the maximum sum s=7 can be obtained in 3 operations
as follows:

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/4074275900ed2b8a474fda5b3a628454fc521f8a.png)

It can be shown that it is impossible to make the sum of the numbers in the
matrix larger than 7 .

# Annotated Program:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: t is an integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 500, and for each test case, n is an integer such that 1 ≤ n ≤ 500. Additionally, the sum of n^2 over all test cases does not exceed 5 × 10^5.
def func():
    for _ in range(int(input())):
        n = int(input())
        
        mat = [list(range(1, n + 1)) for i in range(n)]
        
        res = 0
        
        for i in range(n):
            res += (i + 1) * (2 * i + 1)
        
        print(res, n << 1)
        
        for i in range(n, 0, -1):
            print('1 %d' % i, *range(1, n + 1))
            print('2 %d' % i, *range(1, n + 1))
        
    #State: Output State: t test cases are printed, each followed by two lines of output. For each test case:
    #1. A line with two numbers: the first number is the sum \( \sum_{i=0}^{n-1} (i+1)(2i+1) \), and the second number is \( 2n \).
    #2. n lines, each starting with '1 n', followed by the sequence from 1 to n.
    #3. n lines, each starting with '2 n', followed by the sequence from 1 to n.
    #
    #The value of \( n \) for each test case is determined by user input, and the process is repeated for each test case specified by the first input.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

