
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Two players are playing an online card game. The game is played using a
32-card deck. Each card has a suit and a rank. There are four suits: clubs,
diamonds, hearts, and spades. We will encode them with characters 'C', 'D',
'H', and 'S', respectively. And there are 8 ranks, in increasing order: '2',
'3', '4', '5', '6', '7', '8', '9'.

Each card is denoted by two letters: its rank and its suit. For example, the 8
of Hearts is denoted as 8H.

At the beginning of the game, one suit is chosen as the trump suit.

In each round, players make moves like this: the first player places one of
his cards on the table, and the second player must beat this card with one of
their cards. After that, both cards are moved to the discard pile.

A card can beat another card if both cards have the same suit and the first
card has a higher rank than the second. For example, 8S can beat 4S.
Additionally, a trump card can beat any non-trump card, regardless of the rank
of the cards, for example, if the trump suit is clubs ('C'), then 3C can beat
9D. Note that trump cards can be beaten only by the trump cards of higher
rank.

There were n rounds played in the game, so the discard pile now contains 2n
cards. You want to reconstruct the rounds played in the game, but the cards in
the discard pile are shuffled. Find any possible sequence of n rounds that
might have been played in the game.

Input

The first line contains integer t (1 \le t \le 100 ) — the number of test
cases. Then t test cases follow.

The first line of a test case contains the integer number n (1\le n\le 16 ).

The second line of a test case contains one character, the trump suit. It is
one of "CDHS".

The third line of a test case contains the description of 2n cards. Each card
is described by a two-character string, the first character is the rank of the
card, which is one of "23456789", and the second one is the suit of the card,
which is one of "CDHS". All cards are different.

Output

For each test case print the answer to it:

  * Print n lines. In each line, print the description of two cards, in the same format as in the input: the first card that was played by the first player, and then the card that was used by the second player to beat it.
  * If there is no solution, print a single line "IMPOSSIBLE".

If there are multiple solutions, print any of them.

Example

Input

    8
    
    3
    
    S
    
    3C 9S 4C 6D 3S 7S
    
    2
    
    C
    
    3S 5D 9S 6H
    
    1
    
    H
    
    6C 5D
    
    1
    
    S
    
    7S 3S
    
    1
    
    H
    
    9S 9H
    
    1
    
    S
    
    9S 9H
    
    1
    
    C
    
    9D 8H
    
    2
    
    C
    
    9C 9S 6H 8C

Output

    3C 4C
    6D 9S
    3S 7S
    IMPOSSIBLE
    IMPOSSIBLE
    3S 7S
    9S 9H
    9H 9S
    IMPOSSIBLE
    6H 9C
    9S 8C

# Annotated Program:
for _ in range(int(input())):
    func_1()

#State of the program right berfore the function call: t is an integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 100. For each test case, n is an integer such that 1 ≤ n ≤ 16, the trump suit is one of "CDHS", and the description of 2n cards consists of strings where each string is a two-character format representing the rank and suit of a card, with all cards being unique.
def func_1():
    input()
    trump = input()
    trumps = []
    answers = []
    suits = {'C': None, 'D': None, 'H': None, 'S': None}
    for card in input().split():
        rank, suit = card
        
        if suit == trump:
            trumps.append(rank)
        elif suits[suit] is not None:
            answers.append(' '.join([(x + suit) for x in sorted([suits[suit], rank])]))
            suits[suit] = None
        else:
            suits[suit] = rank
        
    #State: Output State: `t` is an integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 100, `n` is an integer such that 1 ≤ n ≤ 16, the trump suit is a string obtained from input, `trumps` is a list containing ranks of cards that match the trump suit, `answers` is a list containing strings representing pairs of ranks and suits sorted in ascending order, `suits` is a dictionary with keys 'C', 'D', 'H', 'S' and values indicating the highest rank of each suit that has been encountered, all initially set to None.
    for (suit, rank) in suits.items():
        if rank is None:
            continue
        
        if trumps != []:
            answers.append(f'{rank}{suit} {trumps.pop()}{trump}')
        else:
            print('IMPOSSIBLE')
            return
        
    #State: Output State: `t` is an integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 100, `n` is an integer such that 1 ≤ n ≤ 16, the trump suit is a string obtained from input, `trumps` is a list containing ranks of cards that match the trump suit, `answers` is a list containing strings representing pairs of ranks and suits sorted in ascending order where for each suit in `suits` that has a non-None value, an answer string is appended to `answers` using the highest rank of that suit and the remaining elements of `trumps`, `suits` is a dictionary with keys 'C', 'D', 'H', 'S' and values indicating the highest rank of each suit that has been encountered, all initially set to None. If a suit in `suits` does not have a non-None value, no corresponding answer string is added to `answers`. If `trumps` becomes empty before processing all suits, 'IMPOSSIBLE' is printed and the function returns.
    trumps = sorted(trumps, reverse=True)
    while trumps != []:
        print(f'{trumps.pop()}{trump} {trumps.pop()}{trump}')
        
    #State: Output State: The loop will execute until the `trumps` list is empty. Since the loop pops two elements from `trumps` in each iteration and prints them, the output will consist of pairs of ranks from the `trumps` list, printed in descending order, until there are no more elements left in `trumps`.
    #
    #For example, if `trumps = ['A', 'K', 'Q', 'J']` and `trump` is some suit (e.g., '♠'), the output will be:
    #
    #```
    #AJ ♠ AQ ♠
    #```
    #
    #This is because the loop pops 'A' and 'K' first, then 'Q' and 'J'. The output state is a series of printed statements, each containing a pair of ranks followed by the trump suit.
    for answer in answers:
        print(answer)
        
    #State: Output State: The loop will execute for each element in the `answers` list, printing each element on a new line. If `answers = ['A', 'K', 'Q', 'J']`, the output will be:
    #
    #```
    #A
    #K
    #Q
    #J
    #```
#Overall this is what the function does:The function processes a set of test cases, each consisting of an integer `t`, an integer `n`, a trump suit from "CDHS", and a description of 2n unique cards. It identifies the highest-ranked cards for each suit, handles the trump cards, and outputs the results in a specific format. If the conditions are met, it prints pairs of ranks and suits in ascending and descending orders, along with any remaining trump cards. If the conditions cannot be satisfied, it prints "IMPOSSIBLE". The function does not return any value but prints the results directly.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

