
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
In order to test the hypothesis about the cats, the scientists must arrange
the cats in the boxes in a specific way. Of course, they would like to test
the hypothesis and publish a sensational article as quickly as possible,
because they are too engrossed in the next hypothesis about the phone's
battery charge.

Scientists have n boxes in which cats may or may not sit. Let the current
state of the boxes be denoted by the sequence b_1, \dots, b_n : b_i = 1 if
there is a cat in box number i , and b_i = 0 otherwise.

Fortunately, the unlimited production of cats has already been established, so
in one day, the scientists can perform one of the following operations:

  * Take a new cat and place it in a box (for some i such that b_i = 0 , assign b_i = 1 ). 
  * Remove a cat from a box and send it into retirement (for some i such that b_i = 1 , assign b_i = 0 ). 
  * Move a cat from one box to another (for some i, j such that b_i = 1, b_j = 0 , assign b_i = 0, b_j = 1 ). 

It has also been found that some boxes were immediately filled with cats.
Therefore, the scientists know the initial position of the cats in the boxes
s_1, \dots, s_n and the desired position f_1, \dots, f_n .

Due to the large amount of paperwork, the scientists do not have time to solve
this problem. Help them for the sake of science and indicate the minimum
number of days required to test the hypothesis.

Input

Each test consists of several test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of test cases. This is followed by
descriptions of the test cases.

Each test case consists of three lines.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer n (1 \le n \le 10^5
) — the number of boxes.

The second line of each test case contains a string s of n characters, where
the i -th character is '1' if there is a cat in the i -th box and '0'
otherwise.

The third line of each test case contains a string f of n characters, where
the i -th character is '1' if there should be a cat in the i -th box and '0'
otherwise.

It is guaranteed that in a test the sum of n over all test cases does not
exceed 10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output a single integer on a separate line — the minimum
number of operations required to obtain the desired position from the initial
position. It can be shown that a solution always exists.

Example

Input

    6
    
    5
    
    10010
    
    00001
    
    1
    
    1
    
    1
    
    3
    
    000
    
    111
    
    4
    
    0101
    
    1010
    
    3
    
    100
    
    101
    
    8
    
    10011001
    
    11111110

Output

    2
    0
    3
    2
    1
    4
    
Note

In the first test case, you can first move the cat from the first box to the
fifth, and then remove the cat from the fourth box.

In the second test case, there is nothing to do — the only cat is already
sitting in the correct box.

In the third test case of input data, it takes three days to place a cat in
each box.

# Annotated Program:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: t is a positive integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4. Each test case consists of three lines: the first line contains a single integer n such that 1 ≤ n ≤ 10^5; the second line contains a string s of n characters where '1' indicates a cat in the corresponding box and '0' indicates no cat; the third line contains a string f of n characters where '1' indicates the desired presence of a cat in the corresponding box and '0' indicates no cat. It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 10^5.
def func():
    for _ in range(int(input())):
        n = int(input())
        
        s = input()
        
        t = input()
        
        s1 = s.count('1')
        
        t1 = t.count('1')
        
        cnt = 0
        
        for i in range(n):
            cnt += s[i] != t[i]
        
        if s1 == t1:
            print(s1 if cnt else 0)
        else:
            d = abs(s1 - t1)
            print((cnt - d) // 2 + d)
        
    #State: Output State: The loop will continue to iterate through each test case provided by the input. For each test case, the following conditions will be checked and actions performed:
    #
    #1. Count the number of '1's in the strings `s` and `t` (denoted as `s1` and `t1` respectively).
    #2. Calculate the total number of positions where the characters in strings `s` and `t` differ (denoted as `cnt`).
    #3. If `s1` equals `t1`, the output will be `s1` if `cnt` is zero, otherwise, it will be `0`.
    #4. If `s1` does not equal `t1`, calculate the absolute difference between `s1` and `t1` (denoted as `d`), and then compute the final output as `(cnt - d) // 2 + d`.
    #
    #After all iterations of the loop have finished, the output will be determined based on the last test case processed. Specifically, the output will be either the count of '1's in the final string `s` (`s1`), adjusted according to whether the counts of '1's in `s` and `t` are equal or not, as described above.
    #
    #The exact numerical value of the output cannot be determined without knowing the specific inputs for each test case, but the process described above will be followed for each one.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

