
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
There are n islands, numbered 1, 2, \ldots, n . Initially, every pair of
islands is connected by a bridge. Hence, there are a total of \frac{n (n -
1)}{2} bridges.

Everule lives on island 1 and enjoys visiting the other islands using bridges.
Dominater has the power to destroy at most k bridges to minimize the number of
islands that Everule can reach using (possibly multiple) bridges.

Find the minimum number of islands (including island 1 ) that Everule can
visit if Dominater destroys bridges optimally.

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \leq t \leq 10^3 ) — the number of test cases. The description of
the test cases follows.

The first and only line of each test case contains two integers n and k (1 \le
n \le 100 , 0 \le k \le \frac{n \cdot (n - 1)}{2} ).

Output

For each test case, output the minimum number of islands that Everule can
visit if Dominater destroys bridges optimally.

Example

Input

    6
    
    2 0
    
    2 1
    
    4 1
    
    5 10
    
    5 3
    
    4 4

Output

    2
    1
    4
    1
    5
    1
    
Note

In the first test case, since no bridges can be destroyed, all the islands
will be reachable.

In the second test case, you can destroy the bridge between islands 1 and 2 .
Everule will not be able to visit island 2 but can still visit island 1 .
Therefore, the total number of islands that Everule can visit is 1 .

In the third test case, Everule always has a way of reaching all islands
despite what Dominater does. For example, if Dominater destroyed the bridge
between islands 1 and 2 , Everule can still visit island 2 by traveling by 1
\to 3 \to 2 as the bridges between 1 and 3 , and between 3 and 2 are not
destroyed.

In the fourth test case, you can destroy all bridges since k = \frac{n \cdot
(n - 1)}{2} . Everule will be only able to visit 1 island (island 1 ).

# Annotated Program:
import math

#State of the program right berfore the function call: The input consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer t (1 ≤ t ≤ 10^3) representing the number of test cases. Each of the following t lines contains two integers n (1 ≤ n ≤ 100) and k (0 ≤ k ≤ n * (n - 1) / 2) representing the number of islands and the maximum number of bridges Dominater can destroy, respectively.
def func():
    t = int(input())
    for i in range(0, t, 1):
        n, k = map(int, input().split())
        
        if k >= n - 1:
            print(1)
        else:
            print(n)
        
    #State: `t` is unchanged, `n` and `k` are undefined after the loop.
#Overall this is what the function does:The function processes multiple test cases, each consisting of the number of islands (`n`) and the maximum number of bridges (`k`) that can be destroyed. For each test case, it outputs `1` if the number of bridges that can be destroyed is at least `n - 1`; otherwise, it outputs `n`.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

