
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description and its execution summary. You can use the execution summary as a guide to understand the program’s behavior. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
Alice and Bob are playing a game on a checkered board. The board has h rows,
numbered from top to bottom, and w columns, numbered from left to right. Both
players have a chip each. Initially, Alice's chip is located at the cell with
coordinates (x_a, y_a) (row x_a , column y_a ), and Bob's chip is located at
(x_b, y_b) . It is guaranteed that the initial positions of the chips do not
coincide. Players take turns making moves, with Alice starting.

On her turn, Alice can move her chip one cell down or one cell down-right or
down-left (diagonally). Bob, on the other hand, moves his chip one cell up,
up-right, or up-left. It is not allowed to make moves that go beyond the board
boundaries.

More formally, if at the beginning of Alice's turn she is in the cell with
coordinates (x_a, y_a) , then she can move her chip to one of the cells (x_a +
1, y_a) , (x_a + 1, y_a - 1) , or (x_a + 1, y_a + 1) . Bob, on his turn, from
the cell (x_b, y_b) can move to (x_b - 1, y_b) , (x_b - 1, y_b - 1) , or (x_b
- 1, y_b + 1) . The new chip coordinates (x', y') must satisfy the conditions
1 \le x' \le h and 1 \le y' \le w .

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/d2faa6ca73d70e765c2cc6ef0834e24c2e4a5528.png)
Example game state. Alice plays with the white chip, Bob with the black one.
Arrows indicate possible moves.

A player immediately wins if they place their chip in a cell occupied by the
other player's chip. If either player cannot make a move (Alice—if she is in
the last row, i.e. x_a = h , Bob—if he is in the first row, i.e. x_b = 1 ),
the game immediately ends in a draw.

What will be the outcome of the game if both opponents play optimally?

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of test cases. This is followed by
the description of the test cases.

Each test case consists of a single line containing six integers h , w , x_a ,
y_a , x_b , y_b (1 \le x_a, x_b \le h \le 10^6 , 1 \le y_a, y_b \le w \le 10^9
) — the dimensions of the board and the initial positions of Alice's and Bob's
chips. It is guaranteed that either x_a \ne x_b or y_a \ne y_b .

It is guaranteed that the sum of h over all test cases does not exceed 10^6 .

Output

For each test case, output "Alice" if Alice wins, "Bob" if Bob wins, and
"Draw" if neither player can secure a victory. You can output each letter in
any case (lowercase or uppercase). For example, the strings "bOb", "bob",
"Bob", and "BOB" will be accepted as Bob's victory.

Example

Input

    12
    
    6 5 2 2 5 3
    
    4 1 2 1 4 1
    
    1 4 1 3 1 1
    
    5 5 1 4 5 2
    
    4 4 1 1 4 4
    
    10 10 1 6 10 8
    
    10 10 2 6 10 7
    
    10 10 9 1 8 1
    
    10 10 8 1 10 2
    
    10 10 1 1 2 1
    
    10 10 1 3 4 1
    
    10 10 3 1 1 1

Output

    Alice
    Bob
    Draw
    Draw
    Draw
    Alice
    Draw
    Draw
    Bob
    Alice
    Alice
    Draw

# Program:
tt = int(input())
for _ in range(tt):
    func_1()

def func_1():
    r = list(map(int, input().split()))
    (n, m, x1, y1, x2, y2) = (r[0], r[1], r[2], r[3], r[4], r[5])
    if x2 <= x1:
        print('draw')
        return
    if (x2 - x1) % 2 != 0:
        if y1 == y2:
            print('Alice')
            return
        if y2 > y1:
            y1 += 1
            x1 += 1
        else:
            y1 -= 1
            x1 += 1
        if y1 == y2:
            print('Alice')
            return
        if y1 >= y2:
            a = y2 - 1
        else:
            a = m - y2
        b = x2 - x1
        t = abs(y2 - y1)
        x1 += a
        x2 -= a
        if x2 <= x1 or x1 < 1 or x2 > n:
            print('draw')
            return
        if y2 <= y1:
            y2 = 1
            y1 -= a
            c = y1 - 1
        else:
            y2 = m
            y1 += a
            c = m - y1
        if b // 2 > a and abs(x2 - c) >= x1 + c and (1 <= y1 <= m) and (1 <= x1 <= n):
            print('Alice')
            return
        else:
            print('draw')
            return
    else:
        if y1 == y2:
            print('bob')
            return
        if y2 >= y1:
            a = y1 - 1
        else:
            a = m - y1
        b = x2 - x1
        t = abs(y2 - y1)
        x1 += a
        x2 -= a
        if x2 <= x1 or x1 < 1 or x2 > n:
            print('draw')
            return
        if y1 <= y2:
            y1 = 1
            y2 -= a
            c = y2 - 1
        else:
            y1 = m
            y2 += a
            c = m - y2
        if b // 2 > a and abs(x2 - c) >= x1 + c and (1 <= y1 <= m) and (1 <= x1 <= n):
            print('bob')
            return
        else:
            print('draw')
            return





# Execution Summary:
The function `func_1` reads input values representing dimensions and coordinates, evaluates the conditions based on these values, and prints either 'Alice', 'bob', or 'draw' based on the specified rules. The function does not return any value.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

