
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description and its execution summary. You can use the execution summary as a guide to understand the program’s behavior. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
The guys lined up in a queue of n people, starting with person number i = 1 ,
to ask Serafim the Owl about the meaning of life. Unfortunately, Kirill was
very busy writing the legend for this problem, so he arrived a little later
and stood at the end of the line after the n -th person. Kirill is completely
dissatisfied with this situation, so he decided to bribe some people ahead of
him.

For the i -th person in the queue, Kirill knows two values: a_i and b_i . If
at the moment Kirill is standing at position i , then he can choose any
position j such that j < i and exchange places with the person at position j .
In this case, Kirill will have to pay him a_j coins. And for each k such that
j < k < i , Kirill will have to pay b_k coins to the person at position k .
Kirill can perform this action any number of times.

Kirill is thrifty, so he wants to spend as few coins as possible, but he
doesn't want to wait too long, so Kirill believes he should be among the first
m people in line.

Help Kirill determine the minimum number of coins he will have to spend in
order to not wait too long.

Input

Each test consists of several sets of input data. The first line contains a
single integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of test cases. Then follows
the description of the test case.

The first line of each test case contains two integers n and m (1 \le m \le n
\le 200\,000 ) — the number of people in the queue besides Kirill and the
maximum allowable final position of Kirill, respectively.

The second line contains n integers a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n separated by spaces
(1 \le a_i \le 10^9 ).

The third line contains n integers b_1, b_2, \dots, b_n separated by spaces (1
\le b_i \le 10^9 ).

It is guaranteed that the sum of the values of n over all test cases does not
exceed 2 \cdot 10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output a single integer — the minimum number of coins
Kirill needs to spend.

Example

Input

    4
    
    4 2
    
    7 3 6 9
    
    4 3 8 5
    
    6 2
    
    6 9 7 1 8 3
    
    5 8 8 1 4 1
    
    7 7
    
    7 2 9 2 6 5 9
    
    9 1 10 7 1 4 9
    
    2 1
    
    2 3
    
    1 1

Output

    14
    22
    9
    3

# Program:
def func():
    x = int(input())
    custos = []
    for i in range(x):
        custo = 0
        num_fila = 0
        max_p = 0
        a_values = []
        b_values = []
        nf = input().split()
        num_fila = int(nf[0])
        max_p = int(nf[1])
        a = input().split()
        b = input().split()
        for y in a:
            a_values.append(int(y))
        for y in b:
            b_values.append(int(y))
        for y in range(num_fila - 1, max_p - 1, -1):
            if a_values[y] < b_values[y]:
                custo += a_values[y]
            else:
                custo += b_values[y]
        for y in range(max_p - 1, 0, -1):
            if a_values[y - 1] + b_values[y] <= a_values[y]:
                custo += b_values[y]
                if y == 1:
                    custo += a_values[0]
                    break
            else:
                custo += a_values[y]
                break
        custos.append(custo)
    for c in custos:
        print(c)





# Execution Summary:
The function reads multiple test cases, each consisting of integers `n` and `m` and two lists `a` and `b` of length `n`. For each test case, it calculates a specific cost based on the values in `a` and `b` and prints this cost. The function does not modify the input values but outputs a computed value for each test case.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

