
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
In the village of Letovo, there are n houses. The villagers decided to build a
big road that will divide the village into left and right sides. Each resident
wants to live on either the right or the left side of the street, which is
described as a sequence a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n , where a_j = 0 if the resident
of the j -th house wants to live on the left side of the street; otherwise,
a_j = 1 .

The road will pass between two houses. The houses to the left of it will be
declared the left-side, and the houses to the right will be declared the
right-side. More formally, let the road pass between houses i and i+1 . Then
the houses at positions between 1 and i will be on the left side of the
street, and at positions between i+1 and n will be on the right side. The road
also may pass before the first and after the last house; in this case, the
entire village is declared to be either the right or left side, respectively.

To make the design fair, it was decided to lay the road so that at least half
of the residents on each side of the village are satisfied with the choice.
That is, among x residents on one side, at least \lceil\frac{x}{2}\rceil
should want to live on that side, where \lceil x \rceil denotes rounding up a
real number x .

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/75baa17903d65a630fb0d3334683e857d5fdc345.png)
To the left of the road, there will be i houses, among the corresponding a_j
there must be at least \lceil\frac{i}{2}\rceil zeros. To the right of the
road, there will be n-i houses, among the corresponding a_j there must be at
least \lceil\frac{n-i}{2}\rceil ones.

Determine after which house i the road should be laid in order to satisfy the
described condition and be as close to the middle of the village as possible.
Formally, among all suitable positions i , minimize \left|\frac{n}{2} -
i\right| .

If there are multiple suitable positions i with the minimum \left|\frac{n}{2}
- i\right| , output the smaller one.

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of
test cases t (1 \le t \le 2\cdot 10^4 ). The description of the test cases
follows.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer n (3 \le n \le
3\cdot 10^5 ). The next line of each test case contains a string a of length n
, consisting only of 0 and 1 .

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 3\cdot
10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output a single number i — the position of the house after
which the road should be laid (if it should be laid before the first house,
output 0 ). We can show that the answer always exists.

Example

Input

    7
    
    3
    
    101
    
    6
    
    010111
    
    6
    
    011001
    
    3
    
    000
    
    3
    
    110
    
    3
    
    001
    
    4
    
    1100

Output

    2
    3
    2
    3
    0
    1
    0
    
Note

Let's consider the first example of input data.

If we lay the road after the first house, there will be one house a_1 = 1 on
the left side of the street, the resident of which would like to live on the
right side of the street. Then 0 out of 1 residents on the even side will be
satisfied with the choice, which means that the road cannot be laid after
house 1 .

If we lay the road after the second house, 1 out of 2 residents on the left
side (with preferences a_1 = 1 , a_2 = 0 ) and 1 out of 1 resident on the
right side (with preference a_3 = 1 ) will be satisfied with the choice. More
than half of the residents on each side are satisfied with the choice, which
means that the road can be laid after house 2 . We can show that this is the
optimal answer.

# Annotated Program:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: The function `func` is intended to solve a problem involving a series of test cases, each containing a string `a` of length `n` (3 ≤ n ≤ 3·10^5), where `a` consists only of '0' and '1'. The function should determine the optimal position `i` to place a road such that at least half of the residents on each side of the road are satisfied with their side, and `i` should be as close to the middle of the village as possible. The function is expected to handle multiple test cases, with the total number of test cases `t` (1 ≤ t ≤ 2·10^4) and the sum of all `n` values not exceeding 3·10^5.
def func():
    t = int(input())
    for _ in range(t):
        n = int(input())
        
        s = input()
        
        if n % 2 == 0:
            pk = n / 2
        else:
            pk = n / 2
        
        sl = list(s)
        
        o = sl.count('1')
        
        z = sl.count('0')
        
        zero, one = 0, 0
        
        lst = []
        
        mini = pow(10, 8)
        
        for i in range(n - 1):
            if s[i] == '0':
                zero += 1
            else:
                one += 1
            zero_perc = zero * 100 // (i + 1)
            one_perc = (o - one) * 100 // (n - i - 1)
            if zero_perc >= 50 and one_perc >= 50:
                lst.append(i + 1)
        
        for ele in lst:
            mini = min(mini, abs(pk - ele))
        
        final = []
        
        for elem in lst:
            if abs(pk - elem) == mini:
                final.append(elem)
        
        final.sort()
        
        if len(final) == 0:
            c1 = o * 100 // n
            if c1 >= 50:
                final.append(0)
            else:
                final.append(n)
        
        print(final[0])
        
    #State: After all iterations of the loop, `t` is 0, `n` is the last input integer, `s` is the last input string, `sl` is a list containing the characters of the last `s`, `pk` is `n / 2`, `o` is the number of times '1' appears in the last `sl`, `z` is the number of times '0' appears in the last `sl`, `mini` is the minimum of the initial `mini` and the absolute differences between `pk` and each element in `lst` across all iterations, `i` is `n - 2` for the last iteration, `zero` is the number of '0's in the first `n - 1` characters of the last `s`, `one` is the number of '1's in the first `n - 1` characters of the last `s`, `zero_perc` is `zero * 100 // (n - 1)` for the last iteration, `one_perc` is `(o - one) * 100 // 1` for the last iteration, `lst` contains all indices `i + 1` where both `zero_perc` and `one_perc` are at least 50% for the last iteration, `final` is a sorted list containing all elements `elem` from the last `lst` where `abs(pk - elem) == mini`. If the length of `final` is 0, `c1` is `o * 100 // n` for the last iteration. If `c1` is greater than or equal to 50, `final` includes the element 0. If `c1` is less than 50, `final` includes the value `n`.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

