
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description and its execution summary. You can use the execution summary as a guide to understand the program’s behavior. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
You have an array a of n integers.

You perform exactly k operations on it. In one operation, you select any
contiguous subarray of the array a (possibly empty) and insert the sum of this
subarray anywhere in the array.

Your task is to find the maximum possible sum of the array after k such
operations.

As this number can be very large, output the answer modulo 10^9 + 7 .

Reminder: the remainder of a number x modulo p is the smallest non-negative y
such that there exists an integer q and x = p \cdot q + y .

Input

Each test consists of several test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of test cases. Then follows the
description of the test cases.

The first line of each test case contains two integers n and k (1 \le n, k \le
2 \cdot 10^5 ) — the length of the array a and the number of operations,
respectively.

The second line of each test case contains n integers a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n
(-10^9 \le a_i \le 10^9 ) — the array a itself.

It is guaranteed that the sum of the values of n and k for all test cases does
not exceed 2 \cdot 10^5 .

Output

For each test, output a single integer — the maximum sum of the array that can
be obtained after k operations modulo 10^9 + 7 .

Example

Input

    12
    
    2 2
    
    -4 -7
    
    3 3
    
    2 2 8
    
    1 7
    
    7
    
    5 1
    
    4 -2 8 -12 9
    
    7 4
    
    8 14 -9 6 0 -1 3
    
    7 100
    
    5 3 -8 12 -5 -9 3
    
    6 1000
    
    -1000000000 -1000000000 -1000000000 -1000000000 -1000000000 -1000000000
    
    2 1
    
    1000000000 8
    
    5 4
    
    0 0 0 0 0
    
    6 10
    
    48973 757292 58277 -38574 27475 999984
    
    7 1
    
    -1000 1000 -1000 1000 -1000 1000 -1000
    
    10 10050
    
    408293874 -3498597 7374783 295774930 -48574034 26623784 498754833 -294875830 283045804 85938045

Output

    999999996
    96
    896
    17
    351
    716455332
    42
    2
    0
    897909241
    0
    416571966
    
Note

In the first test case, it is advantageous to take an empty subarray of the
array twice and insert the sum of the empty subarray (zero) anywhere, then the
sum of the resulting array will be (-4) + (-7) + 0 + 0 = -11 , modulo 10^9 + 7
this is 999\,999\,996 .

In the second test case, it is advantageous to take the sum of the entire
array three times and place it anywhere in the array, then one of the possible
sequences of actions: [2, 2, 8 ] \rightarrow [2, 2, 8, 12 ] \rightarrow [2, 2,
8, 12, 24 ] \rightarrow [2, 2, 8, 12, 24, 48 ], the sum of the final array is
2 + 2 + 8 + 12 + 24 + 48 = 96 .

In the fourth test case, it is advantageous to take a subarray of the array
consisting of the first three numbers (i.e. consisting of the numbers 4, -2
and 8 ) and insert its sum at the beginning of the array, thereby obtaining
the array [10, 4, -2, 8, -12, 9 ], the sum of this array is 17 .

In the seventh test case, it will always be advantageous for us to take an
empty subarray of the array. In this case, the sum of the resulting array will
not differ from the sum of the original. The answer will be the sum of the
original array, taken modulo — 42 , because (-6 \cdot (10^9 + 7) + 42 =
-6\,000\,000\,000) .

# Program:
import math

def func():
    for i in range(int(input())):
        (n, k) = map(int, input().split())
        l = list(map(int, input().split()))
        c = 0
        maxi = 0
        for ele in l:
            if ele < 0 and c <= abs(ele):
                maxi = max(c, maxi)
                c = 0
            else:
                c += ele
                maxi = max(c, maxi)
        maxi = max(c, maxi)
        print((2 ** k * maxi - maxi + sum(l)) % 1000000007)





# Execution Summary:
The function processes `t` test cases, each consisting of integers `n` and `k`, and an array `a` of `n` integers. For each test case, it calculates and prints a result based on a specific formula involving the maximum subarray sum, the value of `k`, and the sum of the array elements, modulo 1000000007.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

