
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
There are n children in a class, m pairs among them are friends. The i -th
pair who are friends have a friendship value of f_i .

The teacher has to go for k excursions, and for each of the excursions she
chooses a pair of children randomly, equiprobably and independently. If a pair
of children who are friends is chosen, their friendship value increases by 1
for all subsequent excursions (the teacher can choose a pair of children more
than once). The friendship value of a pair who are not friends is considered 0
, and it does not change for subsequent excursions.

Find the expected value of the sum of friendship values of all k pairs chosen
for the excursions (at the time of being chosen). It can be shown that this
answer can always be expressed as a fraction \dfrac{p}{q} where p and q are
coprime integers. Calculate p\cdot q^{-1} \bmod (10^9+7) .

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of
test cases t (1 \le t \le 5 \cdot 10^4 ). Description of the test cases
follows.

The first line of each test case contains 3 integers n , m and k (2 \le n \le
10^5 , 0 \le m \le \min \Big(10^5 , \frac{n(n-1)}{2} \Big) , 1 \le k \le 2
\cdot 10^5 ) — the number of children, pairs of friends and excursions
respectively.

The next m lines contain three integers each — a_i , b_i , f_i — the indices
of the pair of children who are friends and their friendship value. (a_i \neq
b_i , 1 \le a_i,b_i \le n , 1 \le f_i \le 10^9 ). It is guaranteed that all
pairs of friends are distinct.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n and sum m over all test cases does not
exceed 10^5 and the sum of k over all test cases does not exceed 2 \cdot 10^5
.

Output

For each test case, print one integer — the answer to the problem.

Example

Input

    4
    
    100 0 24
    
    2 1 10
    
    1 2 1
    
    3 1 2
    
    2 1 1
    
    5 2 4
    
    1 2 25
    
    3 2 24

Output

    0
    55
    777777784
    40000020
    
Note

For the first test case, there are no pairs of friends, so the friendship
value of all pairs is 0 and stays 0 for subsequent rounds, hence the
friendship value for all excursions is 0 .

For the second test case, there is only one pair possible (1, 2) and its
friendship value is initially 1 , so each turn they are picked and their
friendship value increases by 1 . Therefore, the total sum is 1+2+3+\ldots+10
= 55 .

For the third test case, the final answer is \frac{7}{9} = 777\,777\,784\bmod
(10^9+7) .

# Annotated Program:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: t is an integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 5 ⋅ 10^4. For each test case, n, m, and k are integers such that 2 ≤ n ≤ 10^5, 0 ≤ m ≤ min(10^5, n(n-1)/2), and 1 ≤ k ≤ 2 ⋅ 10^5. Additionally, a_i, b_i, and f_i are integers such that a_i ≠ b_i, 1 ≤ a_i, b_i ≤ n, and 1 ≤ f_i ≤ 10^9. All pairs of friends are distinct, and the sum of n and m over all test cases does not exceed 10^5, and the sum of k over all test cases does not exceed 2 ⋅ 10^5.
def func():
    for i in range(int(input())):
        n, m, k = map(int, input().split())
        
        M = 10 ** 9 + 7
        
        c = pow(n * (n - 1) // 1, -1, M)
        
        s = 0
        
        a = 0
        
        for i in range(m):
            u, v, f = map(int, input().split())
            a += f
        
        for i in range(k):
            s = s + c * i * c * m + c * a
        
        print(s % M)
        
    #State: Output State: t is an integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 5 ⋅ 10^4. For each test case, n, m, and k are integers such that 2 ≤ n ≤ 10^5, 0 ≤ m ≤ min(10^5, n(n-1)/2), and 1 ≤ k ≤ 2 ⋅ 10^5. Additionally, c is the modular inverse of n * (n - 1) // 2 under modulo 10^9 + 7, a is the sum of f_i for all edges, s is calculated as (c * i * c * m + c * a) summed up to k, and the final result is taken modulo 10^9 + 7.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

