
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
You and Nene are playing a card game. The deck with 2n cards is used to play
this game. Each card has an integer from 1 to n on it, and each of integers 1
through n appears exactly on 2 cards. Additionally, there is a table where
cards are placed during the game (initially, the table is empty).

In the beginning of the game, these 2n cards are distributed between you and
Nene so that each player receives n cards.

After it, you and Nene alternatively take 2n turns, i.e. each person takes n
turns, starting with you. On each turn:

  * The player whose turn is it selects one of the cards in his hand. Let x be the number on it. 
  * The player whose turn is it receives 1 point if there is already a card with the integer x on the table (otherwise, he receives no points). After it, he places the selected card with the integer x on the table. 

Note that turns are made publicly: each player can see all the cards on the
table at each moment.

Nene is very smart so she always selects cards optimally in order to maximize
her score in the end of the game (after 2n rounds). If she has several optimal
moves, she selects the move that minimizes your score in the end of the game.

More formally, Nene always takes turns optimally in order to maximize her
score in the end of the game in the first place and to minimize your score in
the end of the game in the second place.

Assuming that the cards are already distributed and cards in your hand have
integers a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n written on them, what is the maximum number of
points you can get by taking your turns optimally?

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of
test cases t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ). The description of test cases follows.

The first line contains a single integer n (1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5 ) — the
number of cards you and Nene receive in the beginning of the game.

The second line contains n integers a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n (1 \le a_i \le n ) —
the integers on the cards in your hand. It is guaranteed that each integer
from 1 through n appears in the sequence a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n at most 2
times.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 2 \cdot
10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output one integer: the maximum number of points you can
get.

Example

Input

    5
    
    4
    
    1 1 2 3
    
    8
    
    7 4 1 2 8 8 5 5
    
    8
    
    7 1 4 5 3 4 2 6
    
    3
    
    1 2 3
    
    1
    
    1

Output

    1
    2
    1
    0
    0
    
Note

In the first test case, the integers written on your cards are 1 , 1 , 2 and 3
. The integers written on Nene's cards are 2 , 3 , 4 and 4 . The game may
proceed as follows:

  1. You select one of the cards with an integer 1 written on it and place it on the table. 
  2. Nene selects one of the cards with an integer 4 written on it and places it on the table. 
  3. You select the card with an integer 1 written on it, receive 1 point, and place the selected card on the table. 
  4. Nene selects the card with an integer 4 written on it, receive 1 point, and places the selected card on the table. 
  5. You select the card with an integer 2 written on it and place it on the table. 
  6. Nene selects the card with an integer 2 written on it, receive 1 point, and places the selected card on the table. 
  7. You select the card with an integer 3 written on it and place it on the table. 
  8. Nene selects the card with an integer 3 written on it, receive 1 point, and places the selected card on the table. 

At the end of the game, you scored 1 point, and Nene scored 3 . It can be
shown that you cannot score more than 1 point if Nene plays optimally, so the
answer is 1 .

In the second test case, if both players play optimally, you score 2 points
and Nene scores 6 points.

# Annotated Program:
for _ in range(int(input())):
    print(func_1())

#State of the program right berfore the function call: t is an integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4, and for each test case, n is an integer such that 1 ≤ n ≤ 2 ⋅ 10^5. The input for each test case consists of n integers a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n where 1 ≤ a_i ≤ n, and each integer from 1 through n appears at most 2 times in the sequence a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n. The sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 2 ⋅ 10^5.
def func_1():
    n = int(input())
    cards = list(map(int, input().split()))
    dp = [([0] * (n + 1)) for _ in range(n + 1)]
    dp[n - 1][0] = 0
    dp[n - 2][0] = 0
    for i in range(n - 3, -1, -1):
        for j in range(n - 1, -1, -1):
            if cards.count(j + 1) == 0:
                dp[i][j] = dp[i + 1][j]
            elif cards.count(j + 1) == 1:
                dp[i][j] = max(dp[i + 1][j], dp[i + 2][j - 1] + 1)
            else:
                dp[i][j] = max(dp[i + 1][j], dp[i + 2][j - 1] + 1, dp[i + 1][j + 1])
        
    #State: Output State: The variable `i` is 0, `j` is 0, the `dp` table is a 2D list of size `(n+1) x (n+1)` where each element has been updated to the maximum value it can take based on the conditions specified in the loop body. Specifically, for each cell `dp[i][j]`, it holds the maximum value determined by the conditions given in the loop body, considering the counts of each card value in the `cards` list. The `t` and `n` variables remain unchanged, with `1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4` and `1 ≤ n ≤ 2 ⋅ 10^5`. The `cards` list also remains unchanged, being a list of integers derived from the input.
    #
    #This final state represents the complete execution of the loop where `i` starts from `n-3` and decreases to `0`, and `j` starts from `n-1` and decreases to `0`. The `dp` table is fully populated with the maximum values calculated according to the given conditions, providing the optimal solution for the problem defined by the loop.
    return dp[0][0]
    #The program returns the maximum value stored in the cell dp[0][0] of the 2D list dp, which was populated during the execution of the loop based on the conditions specified for each cell dp[i][j]. This value represents the optimal solution for the problem defined by the loop, considering the counts of each card value in the cards list.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

