
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

Reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
Rudolf and Bernard decided to play a game with their friends. n people stand
in a circle and start throwing a ball to each other. They are numbered from 1
to n in the clockwise order.

Let's call a transition a movement of the ball from one player to his
neighbor. The transition can be made clockwise or counterclockwise.

Let's call the clockwise (counterclockwise) distance from player y_1 to player
y_2 the number of transitions clockwise (counterclockwise) that need to be
made to move from player y_1 to player y_2 . For example, if n=7 then the
clockwise distance from 2 to 5 is 3 , and the counterclockwise distance from 2
to 5 is 4 .

Initially, the ball is with the player number x (players are numbered
clockwise). On the i -th move the person with the ball throws it at a distance
of r_i (1 \le r_i \le n - 1 ) clockwise or counterclockwise. For example, if
there are 7 players, and the 2 nd player, after receiving the ball, throws it
a distance of 5 , then the ball will be caught by either the 7 th player
(throwing clockwise) or the 4 th player (throwing counterclockwise). An
illustration of this example is shown below.

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/29f44c71d01625dfd7795270dbc36b2737f0b368.png)

The game was interrupted after m throws due to unexpected rain. When the rain
stopped, the guys gathered again to continue. However, no one could remember
who had the ball. As it turned out, Bernard remembered the distances for each
of the throws and the direction for some of the throws (clockwise or
counterclockwise).

Rudolf asks you to help him and based on the information from Bernard,
calculate the numbers of the players who could have the ball after m throws.

Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) —
the number of test cases. Then follow the descriptions of the test cases.

The first line of each test case contains three integers n, m, x (2 \le n \le
1000 , 1 \le m \le 1000 , 1 \le x \le n ) — the number of players, the number
of throws made, and the number of the player who threw the ball first,
respectively.

The next m lines contain information about each throw in order. Each of them
contains an integer r_i (1 \le r_i \le n - 1 ) — the distance at which the i
-th throw was made, and a symbol c_i , equal to '0', '1', or '?':

  * if c_i ='0', then the i -th throw was made clockwise, 
  * if c_i ='1', then the i -th throw was made counterclockwise, 
  * if c_i ='?', then Bernard does not remember the direction and the i -th throw could have been made either clockwise or counterclockwise. 

It is guaranteed that the sum n \cdot m (n multiplied by m ) over all test
cases does not exceed 2 \cdot 10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output two lines.

In the first line, output the number of players k (1 \le k \le n ) who could
have the ball at the end of the game.

In the next line, output k numbers b_i (1 \le b_i \le n ) — the numbers of the
players in increasing order. All numbers must be different.

Example

Input

    5
    
    6 3 2
    
    2 ?
    
    2 ?
    
    2 ?
    
    12 1 2
    
    3 1
    
    10 7 4
    
    2 ?
    
    9 1
    
    4 ?
    
    7 0
    
    2 0
    
    8 1
    
    5 ?
    
    5 3 1
    
    4 0
    
    4 ?
    
    1 ?
    
    4 1 1
    
    2 ?

Output

    3
    2 4 6 
    1
    11 
    4
    3 5 7 9 
    3
    2 3 5 
    1
    3 
    
Note

Below is an illustration of three throws for the first test case. The arrows
denote possible throw directions. Players who could have the ball after the
throw are highlighted in gray.

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/8c70d0cb48359ee6327eabbf182827e664062516.png)
![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/159cf99566782566b4c267b54062452988d11444.png)
![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/007b0cb2cc613eba2f2e45e69d5d973f282a9d5d.png)

# Program:
import sys
from functools import lru_cache
#Function 1:
def func_1():
    return sys.stdin.readline().strip()

#Function 2:
def func_2():
    return int(func_1())

#Function 3:
def func_3():
    return list(map(int, func_1().split()))

#Function 4:
def func_4():
    (n, m, x) = func_3()
    ans = {x}
    for _ in range(m):
        (r, c) = func_1().split()
        r = int(r)
        temp = set()
        for q in ans:
            if c == '0' or c == '?':
                temp.add((q + r) % n)
            if c == '1' or c == '?':
                temp.add((q - r) % n)
        ans = temp
    if 0 in ans:
        ans.discard(0)
        ans.add(n)
    print(len(ans))
    print(*ans)



# Your response:
Correctness: **True** or **False**

