
You are a program verifier. Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
You have a strip of paper with a binary string s of length n . You can fold
the paper in between any pair of adjacent digits.

A set of folds is considered valid if after the folds, all characters that are
on top of or below each other match. Note that all folds are made at the same
time, so the characters don't have to match in between folds.

For example, these are valid foldings of s = \mathtt{110110110011} and s =
\mathtt{01110} :

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/a961dc7cc221603a7d5a488247ba5439ce7444da.png)

The length of the folded strip is the length seen from above after all folds
are made. So for the two above examples, after the folds shown above, the
lengths would be 7 and 3 , respectively.

Notice that for the above folding of s = \mathtt{01110} , if we made either of
the two folds on their own, that would not be a valid folding. However,
because we don't check for validity until all folds are made, this folding is
valid.

After performing a set of valid folds, what is the minimum length strip you
can form?

Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) —
the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer n (1 \le n \le
2\cdot 10^5 ) — the size of the strip.

The second line of each test case contains a string s of n characters '0' and
'1' — a description of the digits on the strip.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 2\cdot
10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output a single integer — the minimum possible length of
the strip after a valid folding.

Example

Input

    6
    
    6
    
    101101
    
    1
    
    0
    
    12
    
    110110110011
    
    5
    
    01110
    
    4
    
    1111
    
    2
    
    01

Output

    3
    1
    3
    3
    1
    2
    
Note

For the first example case, one optimal folding is to fold the strip in the
middle, which produces a strip of length 3.

The third and fourth example cases correspond to the images above. Note that
the folding shown above for s = \mathtt{110110110011} is not of minimal
length.

# Annotated Program:
if __name__ == '__main__':
    func_1()

#State of the program right berfore the function call: t is a positive integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4; for each test case, n is a positive integer such that 1 ≤ n ≤ 2⋅10^5, and s is a binary string of length n.
def func_1():
    t = int(input())
    for _ in range(t):
        n = int(input())
        
        s = input()
        
        mn = 0
        
        mx = 0
        
        cur = 0
        
        for c in s:
            if (cur % 2 == 0) == (c == '1'):
                cur = cur + 1
            else:
                cur = cur - 1
            mn = min(mn, cur)
            mx = max(mx, cur)
        
        print(mx - mn)
        
    #State of the program after the  for loop has been executed: Let's analyze the loop step-by-step based on the provided code and initial conditions.
    #
    #### Initial State
    #- `t` is an integer between 1 and \(10^4\) (inclusive).
    #- `n` is a positive integer such that \(1 \leq n \leq 2 \cdot 10^5\).
    #- `s` is a binary string of length `n`.
    #
    #### Loop Code Analysis
    #```python
    #for _ in range(t):
    #    n = int(input())  # User inputs `n`
    #    s = input()       # User inputs `s` (a binary string of length `n`)
    #    mn = 0            # Initialize `mn` to 0
    #    mx = 0            # Initialize `mx` to 0
    #    cur = 0           # Initialize `cur` to 0
    #    for c in s:       # Iterate over each character in `s`
    #        if (cur % 2 == 0) == (c == '1'):
    #            cur = cur + 1
    #        else:
    #            cur = cur - 1
    #        mn = min(mn, cur)  # Update `mn` to the minimum value of `cur`
    #        mx = max(mx, cur)  # Update `mx` to the maximum value of `cur`
    #    print(mx - mn)     # Print the difference `mx - mn`
    #```
    #
    #### Step-by-Step Analysis
    #1. **Loop Execution Summary:**
    #   - For each iteration of the outer loop (`_ in range(t)`), the inner loop processes the string `s`.
    #   - The variable `cur` keeps track of the parity (even/odd) changes based on the input string `s`.
    #   - The variables `mn` and `mx` record the minimum and maximum values of `cur` during the processing of `s`.
    #
    #2. **Final Values After All Iterations:**
    #   - Since the loop iterates `t` times, `t` different strings `s` are processed.
    #   - After processing all `t` strings, `mn` will be the minimum value of `cur` across all strings.
    #   - Similarly, `mx` will be the maximum value of `cur` across all strings.
    #   - `cur` will be the final value of `cur` after processing the last string `s`.
    #
    #3. **Output State After All Iterations:**
    #   - The loop will execute exactly `t` times, and for each iteration, `mn`, `mx`, and `cur` will be updated accordingly.
    #   - The value printed will be `mx - mn`, which represents the range of `cur` values across all processed strings.
    #
    #### Final Output State
    #After all iterations of the loop, the following will hold true:
    #- `t` is the number of times the outer loop has executed.
    #- `mn` is the minimum value that `cur` took across all iterations.
    #- `mx` is the maximum value that `cur` took across all iterations.
    #- `cur` is the final value of `cur` after processing the last string `s`.
    #
    #**Output State:**
    #```plaintext
    #Output State: t is the number of times the outer loop has executed, mn is the minimum value that cur took across all iterations, mx is the maximum value that cur took across all iterations, cur is the final value of cur after processing the last string s.
    #```
#Overall this is what the function does:The function processes multiple test cases, where for each test case, it reads a positive integer `n` and a binary string `s` of length `n`. It then calculates the range of values that a counter `cur` takes, starting from 0, while iterating over the characters of `s`. The counter `cur` increments by 1 if the current character and the previous value of `cur` have the same parity (both even or both odd), and decrements by 1 otherwise. The function keeps track of the minimum and maximum values of `cur` across all test cases. Finally, it prints the difference between the maximum and minimum values of `cur` for each test case.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

