
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description and its execution summary. You can use the execution summary as a guide to understand the program’s behavior. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
Let us call an array x_1,\dots,x_m interesting if it is possible to divide the
array into k>1 parts so that [bitwise XOR](http://tiny.cc/xor_wiki_eng) of
values from each part are equal.

More formally, you must split array x into k consecutive segments, each
element of x must belong to exactly 1 segment. Let y_1,\dots,y_k be the XOR of
elements from each part respectively. Then y_1=y_2=\dots=y_k must be
fulfilled.

For example, if x = [1, 1, 2, 3, 0] , you can split it as follows:
[\color{blue}1], [\color{green}1], [\color{red}2, \color{red}3, \color{red}0]
. Indeed \color{blue}1=\color{green}1=\color{red}2 \oplus \color{red}3\oplus
\color{red}0 .

You are given an array a_1,\dots,a_n . Your task is to answer q queries:

  * For fixed l , r , determine whether the subarray a_l,a_{l+1},\dots,a_r is interesting. 

Input

The first line contains a single integer t (1\le t\le 10^4 ) — the number of
test cases.

The first line of each test case contains two integers n and q (2 \le n \le 2
\cdot 10^5 , 1 \le q \le 2 \cdot 10^5 ) — the number of elements in the array
and the number of queries respectively.

The next line contains n integers a_1,\dots,a_n (0 \le a_i < 2^{30} ) —
elements of the array.

Each of the next q lines contains two integers l and r (1 \le l < r \le n )
describing the query.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all testcases does not exceed 2 \cdot
10^5 .

It is guaranteed that the sum of q over all testcases does not exceed 2 \cdot
10^5 .

Output

For each query, output "YES" if the subarray is interesting and "NO"
otherwise.

You can output "Yes" and "No" in any case (for example, the strings "yES",
"yes", and "Yes" will be recognized as correct answers).

Example

Input

    4
    
    5 5
    
    1 1 2 3 0
    
    1 5
    
    2 4
    
    3 5
    
    1 3
    
    3 4
    
    5 5
    
    1 2 3 4 5
    
    1 5
    
    2 4
    
    3 5
    
    1 3
    
    2 3
    
    7 4
    
    12 9 10 9 10 11 9
    
    1 5
    
    1 7
    
    2 6
    
    2 7
    
    11 4
    
    0 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 1
    
    1 2
    
    2 5
    
    6 9
    
    7 11

Output

    YES
    YES
    NO
    NO
    NO
    
    YES
    NO
    NO
    YES
    NO
    
    NO
    NO
    NO
    NO
    
    YES
    NO
    YES
    YES
    
Note

Explanation for the first test case:

The first query is described in the statement.

In the second query, we should divide [1,2,3] . A possible division is
[1,2],[3] , since 1\oplus 2=3 .

It can be shown that for queries 3,4,5 , the subarrays are not interesting.

# Program:
import sys
import bisect

input = sys.stdin.read
if __name__ == '__main__':
    func_1()

def func_1():
    data = input().split()
    idx = 0
    t = int(data[idx])
    idx += 1
    results = []
    for _ in range(t):
        n = int(data[idx])
        q = int(data[idx + 1])
        idx += 2
        a = [0] * (n + 1)
        pf = [0] * (n + 1)
        mp = {0: [0]}
        for i in range(1, n + 1):
            a[i] = int(data[idx])
            idx += 1
            pf[i] = pf[i - 1] ^ a[i]
            if pf[i] not in mp:
                mp[pf[i]] = []
            mp[pf[i]].append(i)
        for _ in range(q):
            l = int(data[idx])
            r = int(data[idx + 1])
            idx += 2
            x = pf[r] ^ pf[l - 1]
            if x == 0:
                results.append('YES')
                continue
            v1 = mp.get(pf[r], [])
            v2 = mp.get(pf[l - 1], [])
            it1 = bisect.bisect_left(v1, l)
            it2 = bisect.bisect_left(v2, r) - 1
            if it1 < len(v1) and it2 >= 0 and (v1[it1] <= r) and (v2[it2] >= l):
                results.append('YES')
            else:
                results.append('NO')
        results.append('')
    print('\n'.join(results))





# Execution Summary:
The function processes a series of test cases, each consisting of an integer `t`, a list `a` of `n` integers, and `q` queries. For each query, it checks if the given indices `l` and `r` (where `1 ≤ l < r ≤ n`) are valid. If valid, it computes the XOR of the sublist of `a` from index `l-1` to `r-1`. If the result of this XOR operation is zero, it appends 'YES' to the results; otherwise, it appends 'NO'. If the indices are invalid, it handles this case accordingly. After processing all queries for each test case, it appends an empty string to the results. Finally, it prints the results, which consist of 'YES' or 'NO' for each query followed by an empty line.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

