
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
You have some cards. An integer between 1 and n is written on each card:
specifically, for each i from 1 to n , you have a_i cards which have the
number i written on them.

There is also a shop which contains unlimited cards of each type. You have k
coins, so you can buy k new cards in total, and the cards you buy can contain
any integer between 1 and n .

After buying the new cards, you rearrange all your cards in a line. The score
of a rearrangement is the number of (contiguous) subarrays of length n which
are a permutation of [1, 2, \ldots, n] . What's the maximum score you can get?

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of
test cases t\ (1\le t\le 100) . The description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains two integers n , k (1\le n \le 2
\cdot 10^5 , 0\le k \le 10^{12} ) — the number of distinct types of cards and
the number of coins.

The second line of each test case contains n integers a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n (1
\le a_i \le 10^{12} ) — the number of cards of type i you have at the
beginning.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 5 \cdot
10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output a single line containing an integer: the maximum
score you can get.

Example

Input

    8
    
    1 10
    
    1
    
    2 4
    
    8 4
    
    3 4
    
    6 1 8
    
    3 9
    
    7 6 2
    
    5 3
    
    6 6 7 4 6
    
    9 7
    
    7 6 1 7 6 2 4 3 3
    
    10 10
    
    1 3 1 2 1 9 3 5 7 5
    
    9 8
    
    5 8 7 5 1 3 2 9 8

Output

    11
    15
    15
    22
    28
    32
    28
    36
    
Note

In the first test case, the final (and only) array we can get is [1, 1, 1, 1,
1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1] (including 11 single 1 s), which contains 11 subarrays
consisting of a permutation of [1] .

In the second test case, we can buy 0 cards of type 1 and 4 cards of type 2 ,
and then we rearrange the cards as following: [1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2,
1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2] . There are 8 subarrays equal to [1, 2] and 7 subarrays
equal to [2, 1] , which make a total of 15 subarrays which are a permutation
of [1, 2] . It can also be proved that this is the maximum score we can get.

In the third test case, one of the possible optimal rearrangements is [3, 3,
1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, 1, 3] .

# Annotated Program:
import math

#State of the program right berfore the function call: t is an integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 100, n and k are integers satisfying 1 ≤ n ≤ 2·10^5 and 0 ≤ k ≤ 10^12, and a is a list of n integers where 1 ≤ a_i ≤ 10^12.
def func():
    ans_list = []
    for _ in range(int(input())):
        n, k = map(int, input().split())
        
        a = list(map(int, input().split()))
        
        a.sort()
        
        ans = a[0]
        
        res = n - 1
        
        for i in range(n - 1):
            dif = a[i + 1] - a[i]
            if dif == 0:
                res -= 1
            if dif != 0:
                if k >= dif * (i + 1):
                    ans += dif
                    k -= dif * (i + 1)
                    res -= 1
                else:
                    ans += k // (i + 1)
                    if i != 0:
                        res += k % (i + 1)
                    k = 0
                    break
                if k == 0:
                    break
        
        if k != 0:
            ans += k // n
            res += k % n
        
        ans += (ans - 1) * (n - 1)
        
        ans += res
        
        ans_list.append(ans)
        
    #State: Output State: `ans_list` is a list containing integers calculated from the loop's logic, with each integer representing the final value of `ans` after processing each set of inputs provided by the loop. The value of `t` is reduced by one after each iteration, starting from the number of iterations specified by the first input. Each element in `ans_list` is derived from sorting the list `a`, calculating `ans` based on the differences between consecutive elements and the available `k`, and then updating `res` and `ans` accordingly.
    for a in ans_list:
        print(a)
        
    #State: [4, 2, 7, 1]
#Overall this is what the function does:The function processes a series of inputs defined by `t`, where `t` is the number of iterations. In each iteration, it reads two integers `n` and `k`, followed by a list `a` of `n` integers. It sorts the list `a` and calculates a value `ans` based on the differences between consecutive elements and the available `k`. It then updates `res` and `ans` accordingly. After processing all inputs, it prints the calculated values of `ans` for each iteration.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

