This is a simplified version of the problem. It differs from the difficult one
only in its constraints.

At the Berland State University, the local network between servers does not
always operate without errors. When transmitting two identical messages
consecutively, an error may occur, resulting in the two messages merging into
one. In this merging, the end of the first message coincides with the
beginning of the second. Of course, the merging can only occur at identical
characters. The length of the merging must be a positive number less than the
length of the message text.

For example, when transmitting two messages "abrakadabra" consecutively, it is
possible that it will be transmitted with the described type of error,
resulting in a message like "abrakadabrabrakadabra" or "abrakadabrakadabra'
(in the first case, the merging occurred at one character, and in the second
case, at four).

Given the received message _t_ , determine if it is possible that this is the
result of an error of the described type in the operation of the local
network, and if so, determine a possible value of _s_.

A situation where two messages completely overlap each other should not be
considered an error. For example, if the received message is "abcd", it should
be considered that there is no error in it. Similarly, simply appending one
message after another is not a sign of an error. For instance, if the received
message is "abcabc", it should also be considered that there is no error in
it.

Input

The input consists of a single non-empty string _t_ , consisting of lowercase
letters of the Latin alphabet. The length of the string _t_ does not exceed
100 characters.

Output

If the message _t_ cannot contain an error, output "NO" (without quotes) in a
single line of output.

Otherwise, in the first line, output "YES" (without quotes), and in the next
line, output the string _s_ â€” a possible message that could have led to the
error. If there are multiple possible answers, any of them is acceptable.

Examples

Input

    abrakadabrabrakadabra  
    
Output

    YES  
    abrakadabra  
    
Input

    acacacaca  
    
Output

    YES  
    acaca  
    
Input

    abcabc  
    
Output

    NO  
    
Input

    abababab  
    
Output

    YES  
    ababab  
    
Input

    tatbt  
    
Output

    NO  
    
Note

In the second example, a suitable answer could also be the string "acacaca".
