
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
You have been offered to play a game. In this game, there are n possible
outcomes, and for each of them, you must bet a certain integer amount of
coins. In the event that the i -th outcome turns out to be winning, you will
receive back the amount of coins equal to your bet on that outcome, multiplied
by k_i . Note that exactly one of the n outcomes will be winning.

Your task is to determine how to distribute the coins in such a way that you
will come out ahead in the event of any winning outcome. More formally, the
total amount of coins you bet on all outcomes must be strictly less than the
number of coins received back for each possible winning outcome.

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of test cases. The description of
the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer n (1 \le n \le 50 )
— the number of outcomes.

The second line of each test case contains n integers k_1,k_2,\ldots,k_n (2
\le k_i \le 20 ) — the multiplier for the amount of coins if the i -th outcome
turns out to be winning.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 2 \cdot
10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output -1 if there is no way to distribute the coins as
required. Otherwise, output n integers x_1, x_2,\ldots, x_n (1 \le x_i \le
10^{9} ) — your bets on the outcomes.

It can be shown that if a solution exists, there is always a solution that
satisfies these constraints.

If there are multiple suitable solutions, output any of them.

Example

Input

    6
    
    3
    
    3 2 7
    
    2
    
    3 3
    
    5
    
    5 5 5 5 5
    
    6
    
    7 9 3 17 9 13
    
    3
    
    6 3 2
    
    5
    
    9 4 6 8 3

Output

    27 41 12 
    1 1 
    -1
    1989 1547 4641 819 1547 1071 
    -1
    8 18 12 9 24
    
Note

In the first test case, the coins can be distributed as follows: 27 coins on
the first outcome, 41 coins on the second outcome, 12 coins on the third
outcome. Then the total amount of coins bet on all outcomes is 27 + 41 + 12 =
80 coins. If the first outcome turns out to be winning, you will receive back
3 \cdot 27 = 81 coins, if the second outcome turns out to be winning, you will
receive back 2 \cdot 41 = 82 coins, if the third outcome turns out to be
winning, you will receive back 7 \cdot 12 = 84 coins. All these values are
strictly greater than 80 .

In the second test case, one way is to bet one coin on each of the outcomes.

# Annotated Program:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: t is a positive integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4, each test case contains a positive integer n such that 1 ≤ n ≤ 50, and a list of n integers k_1, k_2, ..., k_n where 2 ≤ k_i ≤ 20 for all 1 ≤ i ≤ n. Additionally, the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 2 × 10^5.
def func():
    t = int(input())
    for T in range(t):
        bets = int(input())
        
        a = [int(x) for x in input().split()]
        
        prod = 1
        
        for i in range(bets):
            prod *= a[i]
        
        sumo = 0
        
        for i in range(bets):
            a[i] = prod // a[i]
            sumo += int(a[i])
        
        if sumo >= prod:
            print(-1)
        else:
            ans = ''
            for i in range(bets):
                ans += str(a[i]) + ' '
            print(ans)
        
    #State: Output State: After the loop executes all its iterations, `i` will be equal to `bets`, `sumo` will be the sum of `int(a[j])` for all `j` where `0 <= j < bets`, `bets` will be the number of bets entered, and `a[i]` will be updated to `prod // a[i]` for each `i` from 0 to `bets-1`. If `sumo` is greater than or equal to `prod`, then `sumo` remains unchanged. Otherwise, `ans` will contain the string representations of all elements in `a` separated by spaces, and `ans` will be printed. The variable `prod` will hold the product of the first `bets` elements in the list `a`.
    #
    #In simpler terms, after all iterations of the loop, `i` will be equal to the number of bets (`bets`), `sumo` will be the sum of the modified elements in the list `a` (each element divided by the product of all elements in the list), and `ans` will contain the final modified elements of `a` as a space-separated string. If the sum of these modified elements is greater than or equal to the initial product, `sumo` will retain its value; otherwise, `ans` will be printed.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

