
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description and its execution summary. You can use the execution summary as a guide to understand the program’s behavior. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
You have some cards. An integer between 1 and n is written on each card:
specifically, for each i from 1 to n , you have a_i cards which have the
number i written on them.

There is also a shop which contains unlimited cards of each type. You have k
coins, so you can buy k new cards in total, and the cards you buy can contain
any integer between 1 and n .

After buying the new cards, you rearrange all your cards in a line. The score
of a rearrangement is the number of (contiguous) subarrays of length n which
are a permutation of [1, 2, \ldots, n] . What's the maximum score you can get?

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of
test cases t\ (1\le t\le 100) . The description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains two integers n , k (1\le n \le 2
\cdot 10^5 , 0\le k \le 10^{12} ) — the number of distinct types of cards and
the number of coins.

The second line of each test case contains n integers a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n (1
\le a_i \le 10^{12} ) — the number of cards of type i you have at the
beginning.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 5 \cdot
10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output a single line containing an integer: the maximum
score you can get.

Example

Input

    8
    
    1 10
    
    1
    
    2 4
    
    8 4
    
    3 4
    
    6 1 8
    
    3 9
    
    7 6 2
    
    5 3
    
    6 6 7 4 6
    
    9 7
    
    7 6 1 7 6 2 4 3 3
    
    10 10
    
    1 3 1 2 1 9 3 5 7 5
    
    9 8
    
    5 8 7 5 1 3 2 9 8

Output

    11
    15
    15
    22
    28
    32
    28
    36
    
Note

In the first test case, the final (and only) array we can get is [1, 1, 1, 1,
1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1] (including 11 single 1 s), which contains 11 subarrays
consisting of a permutation of [1] .

In the second test case, we can buy 0 cards of type 1 and 4 cards of type 2 ,
and then we rearrange the cards as following: [1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2,
1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2] . There are 8 subarrays equal to [1, 2] and 7 subarrays
equal to [2, 1] , which make a total of 15 subarrays which are a permutation
of [1, 2] . It can also be proved that this is the maximum score we can get.

In the third test case, one of the possible optimal rearrangements is [3, 3,
1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, 1, 3] .

# Program:
import math

def func():
    ans_list = []
    for _ in range(int(input())):
        (n, k) = map(int, input().split())
        a = list(map(int, input().split()))
        a.sort()
        ans = a[0]
        res = n - 1
        for i in range(n - 1):
            dif = a[i + 1] - a[i]
            if dif == 0:
                res -= 1
            if dif != 0:
                if k >= dif * (i + 1):
                    ans += dif
                    k -= dif * (i + 1)
                    res -= 1
                else:
                    ans += k // (i + 1)
                    if i != 0:
                        res += k % (i + 1)
                    k = 0
                    break
                if k == 0:
                    break
        if k != 0:
            ans += k // n
            res += k % n
        ans += (ans - 1) * (n - 1)
        ans += res
        ans_list.append(ans)
    for a in ans_list:
        print(a)





# Execution Summary:
The function processes multiple test cases, each consisting of an integer `n`, a non-negative integer `k`, and a list `a` of `n` integers. For each test case, it calculates a result based on the values of `n`, `k`, and `a`, and prints this result. The final state of the program is that it has printed the result for each test case.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

