
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
The magical girl Nene has an n\times n matrix a filled with zeroes. The j -th
element of the i -th row of matrix a is denoted as a_{i, j} .

She can perform operations of the following two types with this matrix:

  * Type 1 operation: choose an integer i between 1 and n and a permutation p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n of integers from 1 to n . Assign a_{i, j}:=p_j for all 1 \le j \le n simultaneously. 
  * Type 2 operation: choose an integer i between 1 and n and a permutation p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n of integers from 1 to n . Assign a_{j, i}:=p_j for all 1 \le j \le n simultaneously. 

Nene wants to maximize the sum of all the numbers in the matrix
\sum\limits_{i=1}^{n}\sum\limits_{j=1}^{n}a_{i,j} . She asks you to find the
way to perform the operations so that this sum is maximized. As she doesn't
want to make too many operations, you should provide a solution with no more
than 2n operations.

A permutation of length n is an array consisting of n distinct integers from 1
to n in arbitrary order. For example, [2,3,1,5,4] is a permutation, but
[1,2,2] is not a permutation (2 appears twice in the array), and [1,3,4] is
also not a permutation (n=3 but there is 4 in the array).

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of
test cases t (1 \le t \le 500 ). The description of test cases follows.

The only line of each test case contains a single integer n (1 \le n \le 500 )
— the size of the matrix a .

It is guaranteed that the sum of n^2 over all test cases does not exceed 5
\cdot 10^5 .

Output

For each test case, in the first line output two integers s and m (0\leq m\leq
2n ) — the maximum sum of the numbers in the matrix and the number of
operations in your solution.

In the k -th of the next m lines output the description of the k -th
operation:

  * an integer c (c \in \\{1, 2\\} ) — the type of the k -th operation; 
  * an integer i (1 \le i \le n ) — the row or the column the k -th operation is applied to; 
  * a permutation p_1, p_2, \ldots, p_n of integers from 1 to n — the permutation used in the k -th operation. 

Note that you don't need to minimize the number of operations used, you only
should use no more than 2n operations. It can be shown that the maximum
possible sum can always be obtained in no more than 2n operations.

Example

Input

    2
    
    1
    
    2

Output

    1 1
    1 1 1
    7 3
    1 1 1 2
    1 2 1 2
    2 1 1 2
    
Note

In the first test case, the maximum sum s=1 can be obtained in 1 operation by
setting a_{1, 1}:=1 .

In the second test case, the maximum sum s=7 can be obtained in 3 operations
as follows:

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/4074275900ed2b8a474fda5b3a628454fc521f8a.png)

It can be shown that it is impossible to make the sum of the numbers in the
matrix larger than 7 .

# Annotated Program:
t = int(input())
for t in range(t, 0, -1):
    func_1()

#State of the program right berfore the function call: The function `func_1` is intended to solve a problem involving a matrix and operations, but the function definition provided does not include any parameters. The correct function definition should include parameters for the number of test cases `t` and the size of the matrix `n` for each test case.
def func_1():
    n = int(input())
    print(n * (n + 1) * (4 * n - 1) // 6, 2 * n)
    #This is printed: n * (n + 1) * (4 * n - 1) // 6, 2 * n (where n is the input integer)
    for i in range(1, n + 1):
        print(1, i, *range(n, 0, -1))
        
        print(2, i, *range(n, 0, -1))
        
    #State: The loop has completed all its iterations, printing two lines for each value of `i` from 1 to `n`. Each line consists of the number 1 or 2 followed by the value of `i` and then a sequence of integers from `n` to 1. The variables `t` and `n` remain unchanged.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

