
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
In the village of Letovo, there are n houses. The villagers decided to build a
big road that will divide the village into left and right sides. Each resident
wants to live on either the right or the left side of the street, which is
described as a sequence a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n , where a_j = 0 if the resident
of the j -th house wants to live on the left side of the street; otherwise,
a_j = 1 .

The road will pass between two houses. The houses to the left of it will be
declared the left-side, and the houses to the right will be declared the
right-side. More formally, let the road pass between houses i and i+1 . Then
the houses at positions between 1 and i will be on the left side of the
street, and at positions between i+1 and n will be on the right side. The road
also may pass before the first and after the last house; in this case, the
entire village is declared to be either the right or left side, respectively.

To make the design fair, it was decided to lay the road so that at least half
of the residents on each side of the village are satisfied with the choice.
That is, among x residents on one side, at least \lceil\frac{x}{2}\rceil
should want to live on that side, where \lceil x \rceil denotes rounding up a
real number x .

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/75baa17903d65a630fb0d3334683e857d5fdc345.png)
To the left of the road, there will be i houses, among the corresponding a_j
there must be at least \lceil\frac{i}{2}\rceil zeros. To the right of the
road, there will be n-i houses, among the corresponding a_j there must be at
least \lceil\frac{n-i}{2}\rceil ones.

Determine after which house i the road should be laid in order to satisfy the
described condition and be as close to the middle of the village as possible.
Formally, among all suitable positions i , minimize \left|\frac{n}{2} -
i\right| .

If there are multiple suitable positions i with the minimum \left|\frac{n}{2}
- i\right| , output the smaller one.

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of
test cases t (1 \le t \le 2\cdot 10^4 ). The description of the test cases
follows.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer n (3 \le n \le
3\cdot 10^5 ). The next line of each test case contains a string a of length n
, consisting only of 0 and 1 .

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 3\cdot
10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output a single number i — the position of the house after
which the road should be laid (if it should be laid before the first house,
output 0 ). We can show that the answer always exists.

Example

Input

    7
    
    3
    
    101
    
    6
    
    010111
    
    6
    
    011001
    
    3
    
    000
    
    3
    
    110
    
    3
    
    001
    
    4
    
    1100

Output

    2
    3
    2
    3
    0
    1
    0
    
Note

Let's consider the first example of input data.

If we lay the road after the first house, there will be one house a_1 = 1 on
the left side of the street, the resident of which would like to live on the
right side of the street. Then 0 out of 1 residents on the even side will be
satisfied with the choice, which means that the road cannot be laid after
house 1 .

If we lay the road after the second house, 1 out of 2 residents on the left
side (with preferences a_1 = 1 , a_2 = 0 ) and 1 out of 1 resident on the
right side (with preference a_3 = 1 ) will be satisfied with the choice. More
than half of the residents on each side are satisfied with the choice, which
means that the road can be laid after house 2 . We can show that this is the
optimal answer.

# Annotated Program:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: The function `func` is intended to process multiple test cases, each containing a single integer `n` (3 ≤ n ≤ 3·10^5) and a string `a` of length `n` consisting only of '0' and '1'. The number of test cases `t` is an integer (1 ≤ t ≤ 2·10^4), and the sum of `n` over all test cases does not exceed 3·10^5.
def func():
    t = int(input())
    for _ in range(t):
        n = int(input())
        
        s = input()
        
        mid = n // 2
        
        leftZero = 0
        
        rightZero = 0
        
        leftOne = 0
        
        rightOne = 0
        
        tleftZero = 0
        
        trightZero = 0
        
        tleftOne = 0
        
        trightOne = 0
        
        for i in range(mid):
            if s[i] == '0':
                leftZero += 1
                tleftZero += 1
            else:
                leftOne += 1
                tleftOne += 1
        
        for i in range(mid, n):
            if s[i] == '0':
                rightZero += 1
                trightZero += 1
            else:
                rightOne += 1
                trightOne += 1
        
        left = mid
        
        leftMove = 0
        
        while left > 0 and (leftZero < (left + 1) // 2 or rightOne < (n - left + 1) //
            2):
            if s[left - 1] == '0':
                leftZero -= 1
                rightZero += 1
            else:
                leftOne -= 1
                rightOne += 1
            left -= 1
        
        right = mid
        
        while right < n and (tleftZero < (right + 1) // 2 or trightOne < (n - right +
            1) // 2):
            if s[right] == '0':
                tleftZero += 1
                trightZero -= 1
            else:
                tleftOne += 1
                trightOne -= 1
            right += 1
        
        if left == 0:
            if right != n:
                print(right)
            elif rightOne >= (n + 1) // 2:
                print(left)
            else:
                print(right)
        elif right == n:
            if tleftZero >= (n + 1) // 2:
                print(right)
            else:
                print(left)
        elif abs((n + 1) // 2 - left) <= abs((n + 1) // 2 - right):
            print(left)
        else:
            print(right)
        
    #State: The loop processes each test case and prints the optimal position to split the string `s` into two parts such that the number of '0's in the left part and the number of '1's in the right part are as close as possible to half of the length of the string. After all iterations, the variables `t`, `n`, and `s` will have been used and reset for each test case, but the values of `t` provided by the user will remain unchanged. The internal variables `mid`, `leftZero`, `rightZero`, `leftOne`, `rightOne`, `tleftZero`, `trightZero`, `tleftOne`, `trightOne`, `left`, `leftMove`, and `right` will be reset and used for each test case, and their final values will depend on the last test case processed.
#Overall this is what the function does:The function `func` processes multiple test cases, each with an integer `n` and a string `s` of length `n` containing only '0' and '1'. For each test case, it calculates and prints the optimal position to split the string `s` such that the number of '0's in the left part and the number of '1's in the right part are as close as possible to half of the length of the string. After processing all test cases, the function does not return any value, but the results for each test case are printed to the console. The variables `t`, `n`, and `s` are used and reset for each test case, and their final values are not retained after the function completes. The internal variables used for calculations are reset for each test case and their final values depend on the last test case processed.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

