
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Alice and Bob are playing a game on a checkered board. The board has h rows,
numbered from top to bottom, and w columns, numbered from left to right. Both
players have a chip each. Initially, Alice's chip is located at the cell with
coordinates (x_a, y_a) (row x_a , column y_a ), and Bob's chip is located at
(x_b, y_b) . It is guaranteed that the initial positions of the chips do not
coincide. Players take turns making moves, with Alice starting.

On her turn, Alice can move her chip one cell down or one cell down-right or
down-left (diagonally). Bob, on the other hand, moves his chip one cell up,
up-right, or up-left. It is not allowed to make moves that go beyond the board
boundaries.

More formally, if at the beginning of Alice's turn she is in the cell with
coordinates (x_a, y_a) , then she can move her chip to one of the cells (x_a +
1, y_a) , (x_a + 1, y_a - 1) , or (x_a + 1, y_a + 1) . Bob, on his turn, from
the cell (x_b, y_b) can move to (x_b - 1, y_b) , (x_b - 1, y_b - 1) , or (x_b
- 1, y_b + 1) . The new chip coordinates (x', y') must satisfy the conditions
1 \le x' \le h and 1 \le y' \le w .

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/d2faa6ca73d70e765c2cc6ef0834e24c2e4a5528.png)
Example game state. Alice plays with the white chip, Bob with the black one.
Arrows indicate possible moves.

A player immediately wins if they place their chip in a cell occupied by the
other player's chip. If either player cannot make a move (Alice—if she is in
the last row, i.e. x_a = h , Bob—if he is in the first row, i.e. x_b = 1 ),
the game immediately ends in a draw.

What will be the outcome of the game if both opponents play optimally?

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of test cases. This is followed by
the description of the test cases.

Each test case consists of a single line containing six integers h , w , x_a ,
y_a , x_b , y_b (1 \le x_a, x_b \le h \le 10^6 , 1 \le y_a, y_b \le w \le 10^9
) — the dimensions of the board and the initial positions of Alice's and Bob's
chips. It is guaranteed that either x_a \ne x_b or y_a \ne y_b .

It is guaranteed that the sum of h over all test cases does not exceed 10^6 .

Output

For each test case, output "Alice" if Alice wins, "Bob" if Bob wins, and
"Draw" if neither player can secure a victory. You can output each letter in
any case (lowercase or uppercase). For example, the strings "bOb", "bob",
"Bob", and "BOB" will be accepted as Bob's victory.

Example

Input

    12
    
    6 5 2 2 5 3
    
    4 1 2 1 4 1
    
    1 4 1 3 1 1
    
    5 5 1 4 5 2
    
    4 4 1 1 4 4
    
    10 10 1 6 10 8
    
    10 10 2 6 10 7
    
    10 10 9 1 8 1
    
    10 10 8 1 10 2
    
    10 10 1 1 2 1
    
    10 10 1 3 4 1
    
    10 10 3 1 1 1

Output

    Alice
    Bob
    Draw
    Draw
    Draw
    Alice
    Draw
    Draw
    Bob
    Alice
    Alice
    Draw

# Annotated Program:
tt = int(input())
for _ in range(tt):
    func_1()

#State of the program right berfore the function call: The function should actually be defined with parameters to match the problem description, such as `def func_1(t, test_cases):`, where `t` is an integer representing the number of test cases, and `test_cases` is a list of tuples, each containing six integers (h, w, x_a, y_a, x_b, y_b) representing the dimensions of the board and the initial positions of Alice's and Bob's chips. Each tuple must satisfy the conditions 1 ≤ x_a, x_b ≤ h ≤ 10^6, 1 ≤ y_a, y_b ≤ w ≤ 10^9, and it is guaranteed that either x_a ≠ x_b or y_a ≠ y_b. The sum of h over all test cases does not exceed 10^6.
def func_1():
    r = list(map(int, input().split()))
    n, m, x1, y1, x2, y2 = r[0], r[1], r[2], r[3], r[4], r[5]
    if (x2 <= x1) :
        print('draw')
        #This is printed: draw
        return
        #The program returns nothing.
    #State: `r` is a list of integers, `t` is an integer representing the number of test cases, `test_cases` is a list of tuples, each containing six integers (h, w, x_a, y_a, x_b, y_b) representing the dimensions of the board and the initial positions of Alice's and Bob's chips. `n` is equal to `r[0]`, `m` is equal to `r[1]`, `x1` is equal to `r[2]`, `y1` is equal to `r[3]`, `x2` is equal to `r[4]`, and `y2` is equal to `r[5]`. Additionally, `x2` is greater than `x1`.
    if ((x2 - x1) % 2 != 0) :
        if (y1 == y2) :
            print('Alice')
            #This is printed: Alice
            return
            #The program does not return any value.
        #State: *`r` is a list of integers, `t` is an integer representing the number of test cases, `test_cases` is a list of tuples, each containing six integers (h, w, x_a, y_a, x_b, y_b) representing the dimensions of the board and the initial positions of Alice's and Bob's chips. `n` is equal to `r[0]`, `m` is equal to `r[1]`, `x1` is equal to `r[2]`, `y1` is equal to `r[3]`, `x2` is equal to `r[4]`, and `y2` is equal to `r[5]`. Additionally, `x2` is greater than `x1`, and the difference between `x2` and `x1` is an odd number. `y1` is not equal to `y2`.
        if (y2 > y1) :
            y1 += 1
            x1 += 1
        else :
            y1 -= 1
            x1 += 1
        #State: *`r` is a list of integers, `t` is an integer representing the number of test cases, `test_cases` is a list of tuples, each containing six integers (h, w, x_a, y_a, x_b, y_b) representing the dimensions of the board and the initial positions of Alice's and Bob's chips. `n` is equal to `r[0]`, `m` is equal to `r[1]`, `x1` is equal to `r[2] + 1`, and `x2` is equal to `r[4]`. Additionally, `x2` is greater than `x1`, and the difference between `x2` and `x1` is an odd number. `y1` is not equal to `y2`. If `y2` > `y1`, then `y1` is equal to `r[3] + 1` and `y2` is equal to `r[5]`. Otherwise, `y1` is equal to `r[3] - 1` and `y2` is equal to `r[5]`.
        if (y1 == y2) :
            print('Alice')
            #This is printed: Alice
            return
            #The program returns nothing.
        #State: *`r` is a list of integers, `t` is an integer representing the number of test cases, `test_cases` is a list of tuples, each containing six integers (h, w, x_a, y_a, x_b, y_b) representing the dimensions of the board and the initial positions of Alice's and Bob's chips. `n` is equal to `r[0]`, `m` is equal to `r[1]`, `x1` is equal to `r[2] + 1`, and `x2` is equal to `r[4]`. Additionally, `x2` is greater than `x1`, and the difference between `x2` and `x1` is an odd number. `y1` is not equal to `y2`. If `y2` > `y1`, then `y1` is equal to `r[3] + 1` and `y2` is equal to `r[5]`. Otherwise, `y1` is equal to `r[3] - 1` and `y2` is equal to `r[5]`. `y1` is not equal to `y2`.
        if (y1 >= y2) :
            a = y2 - 1
        else :
            a = m - y2
        #State: *`r` is a list of integers, `t` is an integer representing the number of test cases, `test_cases` is a list of tuples, each containing six integers (h, w, x_a, y_a, x_b, y_b) representing the dimensions of the board and the initial positions of Alice's and Bob's chips. `n` is equal to `r[0]`, `m` is equal to `r[1]`, `x1` is equal to `r[2] + 1`, and `x2` is equal to `r[4]`. Additionally, `x2` is greater than `x1`, and the difference between `x2` and `x1` is an odd number. `y1` is not equal to `y2`. If `y1` >= `y2`, then `y1` is equal to `r[3] - 1`, `y2` is equal to `r[5]`, and `a` is equal to `r[5] - 1`. Otherwise, if `y1` < `y2`, then `y1` is equal to `r[3] + 1`, `y2` is equal to `r[5]`, and `a` is equal to `r[1] - r[5]`.
        b = x2 - x1
        t = abs(y2 - y1)
        x1 += a
        x2 -= a
        if (x2 <= x1 or x1 < 1 or x2 > n) :
            print('draw')
            #This is printed: draw
            return
            #The program does not return any value.
        #State: `r` is a list of integers, `t` is an integer representing the number of test cases, `test_cases` is a list of tuples, each containing six integers (h, w, x_a, y_a, x_b, y_b) representing the dimensions of the board and the initial positions of Alice's and Bob's chips. `n` is equal to `r[0]`, `m` is equal to `r[1]`, `x1` is equal to `r[2] + 1 + a`, `x2` is equal to `r[4] - a`, `y1` is not equal to `y2`. If `y1` >= `y2`, then `y1` is equal to `r[3] - 1`, `y2` is equal to `r[5]`, and `a` is equal to `r[5] - 1`. Otherwise, if `y1` < `y2`, then `y1` is equal to `r[3] + 1`, `y2` is equal to `r[5]`, and `a` is equal to `r[1] - r[5]`. `b` is equal to `x2 - x1`, and the difference between `x2` and `x1` is an odd number. `t` is equal to `abs(y2 - y1)`. Additionally, `x2` is greater than `x1`, `x1` is greater than or equal to 1, and `x2` is less than or equal to `n`.
        if (y2 <= y1) :
            y2 = 1
            y1 -= a
            c = y1 - 1
        else :
            y2 = m
            y1 += a
            c = m - y1
        #State: `r` is a list of integers, `t` is an integer representing the number of test cases, `test_cases` is a list of tuples, each containing six integers (h, w, x_a, y_a, x_b, y_b) representing the dimensions of the board and the initial positions of Alice's and Bob's chips. `n` is equal to `r[0]`, `m` is equal to `r[1]`, `x1` is equal to `r[2] + 1 + a`, `x2` is equal to `r[4] - a`, `b` is equal to `x2 - x1`, and the difference between `x2` and `x1` is an odd number. `x2` is greater than `x1`, `x1` is greater than or equal to 1, and `x2` is less than or equal to `n`. If `y2 <= y1`, then `x1` is equal to `r[2] + 1 + (r[5] - 1)`, `x2` is equal to `r[4] - (r[5] - 1)`, `y1` is equal to `r[3] - 1 - (r[5] - 1)`, `y2` is equal to 1, `a` is equal to `r[5] - 1`, `b` is equal to `x2 - x1`, the difference between `x2` and `x1` is an odd number, `t` is equal to `abs(1 - (r[3] - 1))`, and `c` is equal to `y1 - 1`. Otherwise, if `y2 > y1`, then `y1` is now equal to `y1 + a`, `y1` is not equal to `y2`, `y1` is less than `y2`, `y2` is now equal to `m`, `c` is equal to `m - y1`, and `t` is equal to `abs(y2 - y1)`.
        if (b // 2 > a and abs(x2 - c) >= x1 + c and 1 <= y1 <= m and 1 <= x1 <= n) :
            print('Alice')
            #This is printed: Alice
            return
            #The program returns nothing.
        else :
            print('draw')
            #This is printed: draw
            return
            #The program returns nothing.
    else :
        if (y1 == y2) :
            print('bob')
            #This is printed: bob
            return
            #The program returns nothing.
        #State: `r` is a list of integers, `t` is an integer representing the number of test cases, `test_cases` is a list of tuples, each containing six integers (h, w, x_a, y_a, x_b, y_b) representing the dimensions of the board and the initial positions of Alice's and Bob's chips. `n` is equal to `r[0]`, `m` is equal to `r[1]`, `x1` is equal to `r[2]`, `y1` is equal to `r[3]`, `x2` is equal to `r[4]`, and `y2` is equal to `r[5]`. Additionally, `x2` is greater than `x1`, and the difference between `x2` and `x1` is even. `y1` is not equal to `y2`.
        if (y2 >= y1) :
            a = y1 - 1
        else :
            a = m - y1
        #State: *`r` is a list of integers, `t` is an integer representing the number of test cases, `test_cases` is a list of tuples, each containing six integers (h, w, x_a, y_a, x_b, y_b) representing the dimensions of the board and the initial positions of Alice's and Bob's chips. `n` is equal to `r[0]`, `m` is equal to `r[1]`, `x1` is equal to `r[2]`, `y1` is equal to `r[3]`, `x2` is equal to `r[4]`, and `y2` is equal to `r[5]`. Additionally, `x2` is greater than `x1`, and the difference between `x2` and `x1` is even. `y1` is not equal to `y2`. If `y2` is greater than or equal to `y1`, `a` is equal to `y1 - 1`. If `y2` is less than `y1`, `a` is equal to `m - y1`.
        b = x2 - x1
        t = abs(y2 - y1)
        x1 += a
        x2 -= a
        if (x2 <= x1 or x1 < 1 or x2 > n) :
            print('draw')
            #This is printed: draw
            return
            #The program does not return any value.
        #State: `r` is a list of integers, `t` is an integer representing the number of test cases, `test_cases` is a list of tuples, each containing six integers (h, w, x_a, y_a, x_b, y_b) representing the dimensions of the board and the initial positions of Alice's and Bob's chips. `n` is equal to `r[0]`, `m` is equal to `r[1]`, `x1` is equal to `r[2] + a`, `y1` is equal to `r[3]`, `x2` is equal to `r[4] - a`, and `y2` is equal to `r[5]`. Additionally, `x2` is greater than `x1`, and the difference between `x2` and `x1` is even. `y1` is not equal to `y2`. If `y2` is greater than or equal to `y1`, `a` is equal to `y1 - 1`. If `y2` is less than `y1`, `a` is equal to `m - y1`. `b` is equal to `x2 - x1`. `t` is equal to `abs(y2 - y1)`. `x2` is greater than `x1`, `x1` is greater than or equal to 1, and `x2` is less than or equal to `n`.
        if (y1 <= y2) :
            y1 = 1
            y2 -= a
            c = y2 - 1
        else :
            y1 = m
            y2 += a
            c = m - y2
        #State: `r` is a list of integers, `t` is an integer representing the number of test cases, `test_cases` is a list of tuples, each containing six integers (h, w, x_a, y_a, x_b, y_b) representing the dimensions of the board and the initial positions of Alice's and Bob's chips. `n` is equal to `r[0]`, `m` is equal to `r[1]`, `x1` is equal to `r[2] + a`, `x2` is equal to `r[4] - a`, and `y2` is equal to `r[5]`. `x2` is greater than `x1`, and the difference between `x2` and `x1` is even. `y1` is not equal to `y2`. `b` is equal to `x2 - x1`. `t` is equal to `abs(y2 - y1)`. `x2` is greater than `x1`, `x1` is greater than or equal to 1, and `x2` is less than or equal to `n`. If `y1` is less than or equal to `y2`, `y1` is set to 1, `a` is set to 0, and `c` is set to `y2 - 1`. If `y1` is greater than `y2`, `y1` is set to `m`, `a` is set to `m - y1`, and `c` is set to `m - y2`.
        if (b // 2 > a and abs(x2 - c) >= x1 + c and 1 <= y1 <= m and 1 <= x1 <= n) :
            print('bob')
            #This is printed: bob
            return
            #The program does not return any value.
        else :
            print('draw')
            #This is printed: draw
            return
            #The program returns nothing.
#Overall this is what the function does:The function `func_1` reads a single line of input containing six integers (n, m, x1, y1, x2, y2) and determines the outcome of a game between Alice and Bob. The game is played on a board of dimensions n x m, with Alice's chip initially at position (x1, y1) and Bob's chip at position (x2, y2). The function prints 'Alice', 'bob', or 'draw' based on the positions and the rules of the game. The function does not return any value.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

