
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Nene gave you an array of integers a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n of length n .

You can perform the following operation no more than 5\cdot 10^5 times
(possibly zero):

  * Choose two integers l and r such that 1 \le l \le r \le n , compute x as \operatorname{MEX}(\\{a_l, a_{l+1}, \ldots, a_r\\}) , and simultaneously set a_l:=x, a_{l+1}:=x, \ldots, a_r:=x . 

Here, \operatorname{MEX} of a set of integers \\{c_1, c_2, \ldots, c_k\\} is
defined as the smallest non-negative integer m which does not occur in the set
c .

Your goal is to maximize the sum of the elements of the array a . Find the
maximum sum and construct a sequence of operations that achieves this sum.
Note that you don't need to minimize the number of operations in this
sequence, you only should use no more than 5\cdot 10^5 operations in your
solution.

Input

The first line contains an integer n (1 \le n \le 18 ) — the length of the
array a .

The second line contains n integers a_1,a_2,\ldots,a_n (0\leq a_i \leq 10^7 )
— the array a .

Output

In the first line, output two integers s and m (0\le m\le 5\cdot 10^5 ) — the
maximum sum of elements of the array a and the number of operations in your
solution.

In the i -th of the following m lines, output two integers l and r (1 \le l
\le r \le n ), representing the parameters of the i -th operation.

It can be shown that the maximum sum of elements of the array a can always be
obtained in no more than 5 \cdot 10^5 operations.

Examples

Input

    2
    
    0 1

Output

    4 1
    1 2
    
Input

    3
    
    1 3 9

Output

    13 0
    
Input

    4
    
    1 100 2 1

Output

    105 2
    3 3
    3 4
    
Input

    1
    
    0

Output

    1 1
    1 1
    
Note

In the first example, after the operation with l=1 and r=2 the array a becomes
equal to [2,2] . It can be shown that it is impossible to achieve a larger sum
of the elements of a , so the answer is 4 .

In the second example, the initial sum of elements is 13 which can be shown to
be the largest.

In the third example, the array a changes as follows:

  * after the first operation (l=3 , r=3 ), the array a becomes equal to [1,100,0,1] ; 
  * after the second operation (l=3 , r=4 ), the array a becomes equal to [1,100,2,2] . 

It can be shown that it is impossible to achieve a larger sum of the elements
of a , so the answer is 105 .

# Annotated Program:
a = []
n = int(input())
sa = input()
na = sa.split()
for ai in na:
    a.append(ai)
func_1(len(a))

#State of the program right berfore the function call: c is a list of integers where the length of the list n satisfies 1 ≤ n ≤ 18, and each element a_i in the list satisfies 0 ≤ a_i ≤ 10^7.
def func_1(c):
    m = 0
    if (c == 2) :
        print(f'4 1')
        #This is printed: 4 1
        print(f'1 2')
        #This is printed: 1 2
    else :
        print(f'13 0')
        #This is printed: 13 0
    #State: Postcondition: `c` is a list of integers where the length of the list n satisfies 1 ≤ n ≤ 18, and each element a_i in the list satisfies 0 ≤ a_i ≤ 10^7; `m` is 0, and if the list `c` is equal to [2], then no change is made to `m`; otherwise, no change is made to `m` as well.
    return
    #The program returns 0
#Overall this is what the function does:The function accepts a list of integers `c`. It checks if the length of the list `c` is exactly 2. If true, it prints "4 1" followed by "1 2". Otherwise, it prints "13 0". Regardless of the condition, the value of `m` remains unchanged and is set to 0 initially. The function returns 0.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

