
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
There is an n \times m grid of white and black squares. In one operation, you
can select any two squares of the same color, and color all squares in the
subrectangle between them that color.

Formally, if you select positions (x_1, y_1) and (x_2, y_2) , both of which
are currently the same color c , set the color of all (x, y) where \min(x_1,
x_2) \le x \le \max(x_1, x_2) and \min(y_1, y_2) \le y \le \max(y_1, y_2) to c
.

This diagram shows a sequence of two possible operations on a grid:

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/efe0d6bfa2062b4821f73fb07120103af504fb62.png)

Is it possible for all squares in the grid to be the same color, after
performing any number of operations (possibly zero)?

Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) —
the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains two integers n and m (1 \le n, m \le
500 ) — the number of rows and columns in the grid, respectively.

Each of the next n lines contains m characters 'W' and 'B' — the initial
colors of the squares of the grid.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n\cdot m over all test cases does not exceed
3\cdot 10^5 .

Output

For each test case, print "YES" if it is possible to make all squares in the
grid the same color, and "NO" otherwise.

You can output the answer in any case (upper or lower). For example, the
strings "yEs", "yes", "Yes", and "YES" will be recognized as positive
responses.

Example

Input

    8
    
    2 1
    
    W
    
    B
    
    6 6
    
    WWWWBW
    
    WBWWWW
    
    BBBWWW
    
    BWWWBB
    
    WWBWBB
    
    BBBWBW
    
    1 1
    
    W
    
    2 2
    
    BB
    
    BB
    
    3 4
    
    BWBW
    
    WBWB
    
    BWBW
    
    4 2
    
    BB
    
    BB
    
    WW
    
    WW
    
    4 4
    
    WWBW
    
    BBWB
    
    WWBB
    
    BBBB
    
    1 5
    
    WBBWB

Output

    NO
    YES
    YES
    YES
    YES
    NO
    YES
    NO
    
Note

In the first example, it is impossible to ever change the color of any square
with an operation, so we output NO.

The second example is the case pictured above. As shown in that diagram, it is
possible for all squares to be white after two operations, so we output YES.

In the third and fourth examples, all squares are already the same color, so
we output YES.

In the fifth example we can do everything in two operations. First, select
positions (2, 1) and (1, 4) and color all squares with 1 \le x \le 2 and 1 \le
y \le 4 to white. Then, select positions (2, 1) and (3, 4) and color all
squares with 2 \le x \le 3 and 1 \le y \le 4 to white. After these two
operations all squares are white.

# Annotated Program:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: The function `func` is expected to read input from stdin and output to stdout. The input consists of multiple test cases, where the first line contains an integer t (1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4) representing the number of test cases. Each test case starts with two integers n and m (1 ≤ n, m ≤ 500) representing the dimensions of the grid, followed by n lines each containing m characters 'W' or 'B' representing the initial colors of the grid. The sum of n * m over all test cases does not exceed 3 * 10^5.
def func():
    for _ in range(int(input())):
        n, m = map(int, input().split())
        
        a = []
        
        first_row = ''
        
        last_row = ''
        
        for i in range(n):
            a.append(input())
            first_row += a[-1][0]
            last_row += a[-1][-1]
        
        if len(set(a[0])) == 1 and a[0] != a[-1]:
            print('NO')
        elif len(set(first_row)) == 1 and first_row != last_row:
            print('NO')
        else:
            print('YES')
        
    #State: The loop reads the input for each test case, processes the grid, and prints 'YES' or 'NO' for each test case based on the conditions specified. After all iterations, the variables `n`, `m`, `a`, `first_row`, and `last_row` will have their final values corresponding to the last test case processed. The variable `t` will be unchanged as it is only used to determine the number of iterations.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

