
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description and its execution summary. You can use the execution summary as a guide to understand the program’s behavior. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
There are n people in the programming contest chat. Chat participants are
ordered by activity, but each person sees himself at the top of the list.

For example, there are 4 participants in the chat, and their order is [2, 3,
1, 4] . Then

  * 1 -st user sees the order [1, 2, 3, 4] . 
  * 2 -nd user sees the order [2, 3, 1, 4] . 
  * 3 -rd user sees the order [3, 2, 1, 4] . 
  * 4 -th user sees the order [4, 2, 3, 1] . 

k people posted screenshots in the chat, which show the order of participants
shown to this user. The screenshots were taken within a short period of time,
and the order of participants has not changed.

Your task is to determine whether there is a certain order that all
screenshots correspond to.

Input

The first line contains a single integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of
input test cases. The descriptions of test cases follow.

The first line of the description of each test case contains two integers n
and k (1 \le k \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5, n \cdot k \le 2 \cdot 10^5 ) — the
number of chat participants and the number of participants who posted
screenshots.

The following k lines contain descriptions of screenshots posted by the
participants.

The i -th row contains n integers a_{ij} each (1 \le a_{ij} \le n , all a_{ij}
are different) — the order of participants shown to the participant a_{i0} ,
where a_{i0} — the author of the screenshot. You can show that in the
screenshot description it will always be at the top of the list.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n \cdot k for all test cases does not exceed
2 \cdot 10^5 . It is also guaranteed that all the authors of the screenshots
are different.

Output

Output t lines, each of which is the answer to the corresponding test case. As
an answer, output "YES" if there exists at least one order of participants,
under which all k screenshots could have been obtained. Otherwise, output
"NO".

You can output the answer in any case (upper or lower). For example, the
strings "yEs", "yes", "Yes", and "YES" will be recognized as positive
responses.

Example

Input

    10
    
    5 1
    
    1 2 3 4 5
    
    4 4
    
    1 2 3 4
    
    2 3 1 4
    
    3 2 1 4
    
    4 2 3 1
    
    6 2
    
    1 3 5 2 4 6
    
    6 3 5 2 1 4
    
    3 3
    
    1 2 3
    
    2 3 1
    
    3 2 1
    
    10 2
    
    1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
    
    10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
    
    1 1
    
    1
    
    5 2
    
    1 2 3 5 4
    
    2 1 3 5 4
    
    3 3
    
    3 1 2
    
    2 3 1
    
    1 3 2
    
    5 4
    
    3 5 1 4 2
    
    2 5 1 4 3
    
    1 5 4 3 2
    
    5 1 4 3 2
    
    3 3
    
    1 3 2
    
    2 1 3
    
    3 2 1

Output

    YES
    YES
    YES
    YES
    NO
    YES
    YES
    YES
    YES
    NO

# Program:
from heapq import *

def func():
    t = int(input())
    for _ in range(t):
        (n, m) = map(int, input().split())
        if m == 1:
            input()
            print('yes')
            continue
        (a1, *l1) = map(int, input().split())
        (a2, *l2) = map(int, input().split())
        l11 = [i for i in l1 if i != a2]
        l22 = [i for i in l2 if i != a1]
        if l11 != l22:
            for _ in range(m - 2):
                input()
            print('no')
            continue
        idx1 = idx2 = -1
        p1 = p2 = 0
        for i in range(n - 1):
            if i + max(p1, p2) == n - 1:
                break
            if l1[i + p1] != l2[i + p2]:
                if l1[i + p1] == a2 and l2[i + p2] == a1:
                    idx1 = idx2 = i
                    break
                else:
                    if l1[i + p1] == a2:
                        idx1 = i
                        p1 = 1
                    else:
                        idx2 = i
                        p2 = 1
                    if idx1 >= 0 and idx2 >= 0:
                        break
        val = []
        if idx1 == -1 and idx2 != -1:
            idx1 = n - 2
        if idx2 == -1 and idx1 != -1:
            idx2 = n - 2
        if idx1 < idx2:
            l2.insert(idx1, a2)
            l = l2
        elif idx1 > idx2:
            l1.insert(idx2, a1)
            l = l1
        else:
            if m == 2:
                print('yes')
                continue
            (a3, *l3) = map(int, input().split())
            if l3.index(a1) < l3.index(a2):
                l1.insert(idx2, a1)
                l = l1
            else:
                l2.insert(idx1, a2)
                l = l2
            val.append((a3, l3))
            m -= 1
        for _ in range(m - 2):
            (a3, *l3) = map(int, input().split())
            val.append((a3, l3))
        for (a3, l3) in val:
            if l3 != [i for i in l if i != a3]:
                print('no')
                break
        else:
            print('yes')





# Execution Summary:
The function processes a series of test cases, each defined by two integers `n` and `k`, and a set of `k` lists of integers. For each test case, it determines whether the order of participants shown to each participant (as represented by the lists) can be rearranged to meet certain conditions. Specifically, it checks if the lists can be adjusted so that the order of participants is consistent across all participants. If the conditions are met, it prints 'yes'; otherwise, it prints 'no'. The function reads input from standard input and prints the results to standard output. After processing all test cases, the function concludes, and the state of the program is such that all test cases have been evaluated and the corresponding 'yes' or 'no' results have been printed.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

