
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description and its execution summary. You can use the execution summary as a guide to understand the program’s behavior. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
You are given two distinct non-negative integers x and y . Consider two
infinite sequences a_1, a_2, a_3, \ldots and b_1, b_2, b_3, \ldots , where

  * a_n = n \oplus x ; 
  * b_n = n \oplus y . 

Here, x \oplus y denotes the [bitwise
XOR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitwise_operation#XOR) operation of
integers x and y .

For example, with x = 6 , the first 8 elements of sequence a will look as
follows: [7, 4, 5, 2, 3, 0, 1, 14, \ldots] . Note that the indices of elements
start with 1 .

Your task is to find the length of the longest common subsegment^\dagger of
sequences a and b . In other words, find the maximum integer m such that a_i =
b_j, a_{i + 1} = b_{j + 1}, \ldots, a_{i + m - 1} = b_{j + m - 1} for some i,
j \ge 1 .

^\dagger A subsegment of sequence p is a sequence p_l,p_{l+1},\ldots,p_r ,
where 1 \le l \le r .

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of test cases. The description of
the test cases follows.

The only line of each test case contains two integers x and y (0 \le x, y \le
10^9, x \neq y ) — the parameters of the sequences.

Output

For each test case, output a single integer — the length of the longest common
subsegment.

Example

Input

    4
    
    0 1
    
    12 4
    
    57 37
    
    316560849 14570961

Output

    1
    8
    4
    33554432
    
Note

In the first test case, the first 7 elements of sequences a and b are as
follows:

a = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,\ldots]

b = [0, 3, 2, 5, 4, 7, 6,\ldots]

It can be shown that there isn't a positive integer k such that the sequence
[k, k + 1] occurs in b as a subsegment. So the answer is 1 .

In the third test case, the first 20 elements of sequences a and b are as
follows:

a = [56, 59, 58, 61, 60, 63, 62, 49, 48, 51, 50, 53, 52, 55, 54, \textbf{41,
40, 43, 42}, 45, \ldots]

b = [36, 39, 38, 33, 32, 35, 34, 45, 44, 47, 46, \textbf{41, 40, 43, 42}, 53,
52, 55, 54, 49, \ldots]

It can be shown that one of the longest common subsegments is the subsegment
[41, 40, 43, 42] with a length of 4 .

# Program:
def func():
    for i in range(int(input())):
        (n, m) = map(int, input().split())
        k = abs(n - m)
        if k & k - 1 == 0:
            print(k)
        elif k % 2 != 0:
            print(1)
        else:
            l = bin(k).replace('0b', '')
            p = len(l)
            q = 2 ** (p - 1)
            f = k - q
            while f & f - 1 != 0:
                l = bin(f).replace('0b', '')
                p = len(l)
                q = 2 ** (p - 1)
                f = f - q
            print(f)





# Execution Summary:
The function `func` does not accept any parameters and does not return any value. Instead, it reads an integer from the user, which determines the number of iterations. For each iteration, it reads a pair of integers `n` and `m` from the user, computes the absolute difference `k` between them, and prints a value based on the following conditions: if `k` is a power of 2, it prints `k`; if `k` is odd, it prints `1`; otherwise, it prints the largest power of 2 that is less than or equal to `k` after subtracting all smaller powers of 2 from `k`. The function does not modify any external variables or the initial state of the program.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

