
You are a program verifier. Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
The only difference between the versions of this problem is the maximum value
of n .

Professor Vector is preparing to teach her Arithmancy class. She needs to
prepare n distinct magic words for the class. Each magic word is a string
consisting of characters X and O. A spell is a string created by concatenating
two magic words together. The power of a spell is equal to the number of its
different non-empty substrings. For example, the power of the spell XOXO is
equal to 7, because it has 7 different substrings: X, O, XO, OX, XOX, OXO and
XOXO.

Each student will create their own spell by concatenating two magic words.
Since the students are not very good at magic yet, they will choose each of
the two words independently and uniformly at random from the n words provided
by Professor Vector. It is therefore also possible that the two words a
student chooses are the same. Each student will then compute the power of
their spell, and tell it to Professor Vector. In order to check their work,
and of course to impress the students, Professor Vector needs to find out
which two magic words and in which order were concatenated by each student.

Your program needs to perform the role of Professor Vector: first, create n
distinct magic words, and then handle multiple requests where it is given the
spell power and needs to determine the indices of the two magic words, in the
correct order, that were used to create the corresponding spell.

Interaction

This is an interactive problem.

First, your program should read a single integer n (1 \le n \le 1000 ), the
number of magic words to prepare. Then, it should print n magic words it has
created, one per line. The magic words must be distinct, each magic word must
have at least 1 and at most 30\cdot n characters, and each character must be
either X or O. We will denote the i -th magic word you printed as w_i (1 \le i
\le n ).

Then, your program should read a single integer q (1 \le q \le 1000 ), the
number of students in the class. Then, it should repeat the following process
q times, one per student.

For the j -th student, it should first read a single integer p_j , the power
of their spell. It is guaranteed that this number is computed by choosing two
indices u_j and v_j independently and uniformly at random between 1 and n
inclusive, concatenating w_{u_j} and w_{v_j} , and finding the number of
different non-empty substrings of the resulting string. Then, your program
must print the numbers u_j and v_j , in this order (1 \le u_j, v_j \le n ).

Note that it is not enough to find any two magic words that concatenate into a
spell with the given power. You must find the exact words used by the student
in the exact order.

Remember to flush the output stream after printing all magic words and after
printing u_j and v_j for each student.

Example

Input

Copy

    2
    
    2
    15
    
    11

Output

Copy

    XOXO
    X
    
    1 1
    
    2 1

# Program:
n = int(input())
w = []
q = {}
i = -1
while len(w) < n:
    i += 1
    if func_1(i, i) in q:
        continue
    if any((func_1(i, j) in q for j in w)):
        continue
    if any((func_1(j, i) in q for j in w)):
        continue
    q1 = {func_1(i, i): (len(w), len(w))}
    ok = True
    for (r, j) in enumerate(w):
        v = func_1(i, j)
        if v in q1:
            ok = False
            break
        q1[v] = (len(w), r)
    if not ok:
        continue
    for (r, j) in enumerate(w):
        v = func_1(j, i)
        if v in q1:
            ok = False
            break
        q1[v] = (r, len(w))
    if not ok:
        continue
    q.update(q1)
    w.append(i)
for i in w:
    print('XO' + i * 'X')
t = int(input())
for _ in range(t):
    x = int(input())
    (u, v) = q[x]
    print(u + 1, v + 1)

def func_1(a, b):
    return (a + 2) * (b + 4) - 1 if a >= b else (a + 5) * (b + 1) - 1



# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

