
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description and its execution summary. You can use the execution summary as a guide to understand the program’s behavior. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
You are given an array a of n integers.

The median of an array q_1, q_2, \ldots, q_k is the number p_{\lceil
\frac{k}{2} \rceil} , where p is the array q sorted in non-decreasing order.
For example, the median of the array [9, 5, 1, 2, 6] is 5 , as in the sorted
array [1, 2, 5, 6, 9] , the number at index \lceil \frac{5}{2} \rceil = 3 is 5
, and the median of the array [9, 2, 8, 3] is 3 , as in the sorted array [2,
3, 8, 9] , the number at index \lceil \frac{4}{2} \rceil = 2 is 3 .

You are allowed to choose an integer i (1 \le i \le n ) and increase a_i by 1
in one operation.

Your task is to find the minimum number of operations required to increase the
median of the array.

Note that the array a may not necessarily contain distinct numbers.

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of test cases. Then follows the
description of the test cases.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer n (1 \le n \le 10^5
) — the length of the array a .

The second line of each test case contains n integers a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n (1
\le a_i \le 10^9 ) — the array a .

It is guaranteed that the sum of the values of n over all test cases does not
exceed 2 \cdot 10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output a single integer — the minimum number of operations
required to increase the median of the array.

Example

Input

    8
    
    3
    
    2 2 8
    
    4
    
    7 3 3 1
    
    1
    
    1000000000
    
    5
    
    5 5 5 4 5
    
    6
    
    2 1 2 3 1 4
    
    2
    
    1 2
    
    2
    
    1 1
    
    4
    
    5 5 5 5

Output

    1
    2
    1
    3
    2
    1
    2
    3
    
Note

In the first test case, you can apply one operation to the first number and
obtain the array [3, 2, 8] , the median of this array is 3 , as it is the
number at index \lceil \frac{3}{2} \rceil = 2 in the non-decreasing sorted
array [2, 3, 8] . The median of the original array [2, 2, 8] is 2 , as it is
the number at index \lceil \frac{3}{2} \rceil = 2 in the non-decreasing sorted
array [2, 2, 8] . Thus, the median increased (3 > 2 ) in just one operation.

In the fourth test case, you can apply one operation to each of the numbers at
indices 1, 2, 3 and obtain the array [6, 6, 6, 4, 5] , the median of this
array is 6 , as it is the number at index \lceil \frac{5}{2} \rceil = 3 in the
non-decreasing sorted array [4, 5, 6, 6, 6] . The median of the original array
[5, 5, 5, 4, 5] is 5 , as it is the number at index \lceil \frac{5}{2} \rceil
= 2 in the non-decreasing sorted array [4, 5, 5, 5, 5] . Thus, the median
increased (6 > 5 ) in three operations. It can be shown that this is the
minimum possible number of operations.

In the fifth test case, you can apply one operation to each of the numbers at
indices 1, 3 and obtain the array [3, 1, 3, 3, 1, 4] , the median of this
array is 3 , as it is the number at index \lceil \frac{6}{2} \rceil = 3 in the
non-decreasing sorted array [1, 1, 3, 3, 3, 4] . The median of the original
array [2, 1, 2, 3, 1, 4] is 2 , as it is the number at index \lceil
\frac{6}{2} \rceil = 3 in the non-decreasing sorted array [1, 1, 2, 2, 3, 4] .
Thus, the median increased (3 > 2 ) in two operations. It can be shown that
this is the minimum possible number of operations.

# Program:
def func():
    num = int(input())
    for i in range(0, num):
        num2 = int(input())
        case = input()
        op = 0
        if num2 > 10000:
            print(1)
            print(16668)
            break
        else:
            a = [int(i) for i in case.split() if i.isdigit()]
            b = sorted(a)
            if num2 % 2 == 0:
                ma = int(num2 / 2) - 1
            else:
                ma = int(num2 / 2)
            median = b[ma]
            new_median = median
            while new_median <= median:
                b[ma] += 1
                op += 1
                b = sorted(b)
                new_median = b[ma]
            print(op)





# Execution Summary:
The function reads a number of test cases `num` from the input. For each test case, it reads an integer `num2` and a space-separated list of integers `case`. If `num2` is greater than 10000, it prints `1` and `16668` and stops processing further test cases. Otherwise, it parses the list `a` from `case`, sorts it, and increments the middle element until the median increases, printing the number of operations required. After processing all test cases, the function will have printed the number of operations for each test case or the special values if `num2` exceeds 10000.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

