
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description and its execution summary. You can use the execution summary as a guide to understand the program’s behavior. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
Bob has a rectangle of size a \times b . He tries to cut this rectangle into
two rectangles with integer sides by making a cut parallel to one of the sides
of the original rectangle. Then Bob tries to form some other rectangle from
the two resulting rectangles, and he can rotate and move these two rectangles
as he wishes.

Note that if two rectangles differ only by a 90^{\circ} rotation, they are
considered the same. For example, the rectangles 6 \times 4 and 4 \times 6 are
considered the same.

Thus, from the 2 \times 6 rectangle, another rectangle can be formed, because
it can be cut into two 2 \times 3 rectangles, and then these two rectangles
can be used to form the 4 \times 3 rectangle, which is different from the 2
\times 6 rectangle.

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/670958570876245598e151e6877e3b0231a7c60e.png)

However, from the 2 \times 1 rectangle, another rectangle cannot be formed,
because it can only be cut into two rectangles of 1 \times 1 , and from these,
only the 1 \times 2 and 2 \times 1 rectangles can be formed, which are
considered the same.

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/1463aaa4fa7eb1e7432c1d8b5813e7ae91147066.png)

Help Bob determine if he can obtain some other rectangle, or if he is just
wasting his time.

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \leq t \leq 10^4 ) — the number of test cases. This is followed
by the description of the test cases.

The single line of each test case contains two integers a and b (1 \le a, b
\le 10^9 ) — the size of Bob's rectangle.

Output

For each test case, output "Yes" if Bob can obtain another rectangle from the
a \times b rectangle. Otherwise, output "No".

You can output the answer in any case (upper or lower). For example, the
strings "yEs", "yes", "Yes", and "YES" will be recognized as positive answers.

Example

Input

    7
    
    1 1
    
    2 1
    
    2 6
    
    3 2
    
    2 2
    
    2 4
    
    6 3

Output

    No
    No
    Yes
    Yes
    Yes
    Yes
    No
    
Note

In the first test case, the 1 \times 1 rectangle cannot be cut into two
rectangles, so another rectangle cannot be obtained from it.

In the fourth test case, the 3 \times 2 rectangle can be cut into two 3 \times
1 rectangles, and from these, the 1 \times 6 rectangle can be formed.

In the fifth test case, the 2 \times 2 rectangle can be cut into two 1 \times
2 rectangles, and from these, the 1 \times 4 rectangle can be formed.

# Program:
def func():
    n = int(input())
    for i in range(n):
        (a, b) = [int(i) for i in input().split()]
        if a % 2 != 0 and b % 2 != 0:
            print('NO')
        elif a / 2 == b or b / 2 == a:
            print('NO')
        else:
            print('YES')





# Execution Summary:
The function processes multiple test cases, each consisting of two positive integers \(a\) and \(b\). For each pair, it checks if both \(a\) and \(b\) are odd and not equal, and if \(a/2\) does not equal \(b\) and \(b/2\) does not equal \(a\). If these conditions are met, it prints 'YES'; otherwise, it prints 'NO'. After processing all test cases, the function outputs a sequence of 'YES' and 'NO' based on the given pairs.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

