
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning step by step, then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
As soon as everyone in the camp fell asleep, Kirill sneaked out of the tent
and went to the Wise Oak to gather mushrooms.

It is known that there are n mushrooms growing under the Oak, each of which
has magic power v_i . Kirill really wants to make a magical elixir of maximum
strength from the mushrooms.

The strength of the elixir is equal to the product of the number of mushrooms
in it and the minimum magic power among these mushrooms. To prepare the
elixir, Kirill will sequentially pick one mushroom growing under the Oak.
Kirill can gather mushrooms in any order.

However, it's not that simple. The Wise Oak informed Kirill of a permutation
of numbers p from 1 to n . If Kirill picks only k mushrooms, then the magic
power of all mushrooms with indices p_1, p_2, \dots, p_{k - 1} will become 0 .
Kirill will not use mushrooms with zero magic power to prepare the elixir.

Your task is to help Kirill gather mushrooms in such a way that he can brew
the elixir of maximum possible strength. However, Kirill is a little scared to
stay near the oak for too long, so out of all the suitable options for
gathering mushrooms, he asks you to find the one with the minimum number of
mushrooms.

A permutation of length n is an array consisting of n different integers from
1 to n in any order. For example, [2,3,1,5,4] is a permutation, but [1,2,2] is
not a permutation (2 appears in the array twice) and [1,3,4] is also not a
permutation (n=3 , but 4 appears in the array).

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of test cases. The description of
the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer n (1 \le n \le
200\,000 ) — the number of mushrooms.

The second line contains an array v of size n (1\le v_i \le 10^9 ) — the magic
powers of the mushrooms.

The third line contains a permutation p of numbers from 1 to n .

It is guaranteed that the sum of the values of n over all test cases does not
exceed 2\cdot 10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output two integers separated by a space — the maximum
strength of the elixir that can be brewed and the minimum number of mushrooms
that Kirill needs to use for this.

Example

Input

    6
    
    3
    
    9 8 14
    
    3 2 1
    
    5
    
    1 2 3 4 5
    
    1 2 3 4 5
    
    6
    
    1 2 3 4 5 6
    
    6 5 4 3 2 1
    
    5
    
    1 4 6 10 10
    
    2 1 4 5 3
    
    4
    
    2 2 5 5
    
    4 2 3 1
    
    5
    
    1 2 9 10 10
    
    1 4 2 3 5

Output

    16 2
    9 3
    8 2
    20 2
    5 1
    20 2
    
Note

In the first example, you need to take the mushrooms with indices 1 and 2 , so
the strength of the elixir is equal to 2 \cdot \min(a_1, a_2) = 2 \cdot
\min(9, 8) = 2 \cdot 8 = 16 . Note that the magic power of the mushroom with
index 3 after picking two mushrooms will become 0 .

# Program:
import math
from bisect import bisect_left, bisect_right
from typing import Generic, Iterable, Iterator, List, Tuple, TypeVar, Optional

def func():
    T = TypeVar('T')
    class SortedMultiset(Generic[T]):
        BUCKET_RATIO = 16
        SPLIT_RATIO = 24
    
        def __init__(self, a: Iterable[T]=[]) -> None:
            """Make a new SortedMultiset from iterable. / O(N) if sorted / O(N log N)"""
            a = list(a)
            n = self.size = len(a)
            if any((a[i] > a[i + 1] for i in range(n - 1))):
                a.sort()
            num_bucket = int(math.ceil(math.sqrt(n / self.BUCKET_RATIO)))
            self.a = [a[n * i // num_bucket:n * (i + 1) // num_bucket] for i in range(num_bucket)]
    
        def __iter__(self) -> Iterator[T]:
            for i in self.a:
                for j in i:
                    yield j
    
        def __reversed__(self) -> Iterator[T]:
            for i in reversed(self.a):
                for j in reversed(i):
                    yield j
    
        def __eq__(self, other) -> bool:
            return list(self) == list(other)
    
        def __len__(self) -> int:
            return self.size
    
        def __repr__(self) -> str:
            return 'SortedMultiset' + str(self.a)
    
        def __str__(self) -> str:
            s = str(list(self))
            return '{' + s[1:len(s) - 1] + '}'
    
        def _position(self, x: T) -> Tuple[List[T], int, int]:
            """return the bucket, index of the bucket and position in which x should be. self must not be empty."""
            for (i, a) in enumerate(self.a):
                if x <= a[-1]:
                    break
            return (a, i, bisect_left(a, x))
    
        def __contains__(self, x: T) -> bool:
            if self.size == 0:
                return False
            (a, _, i) = self._position(x)
            return i != len(a) and a[i] == x
    
        def count(self, x: T) -> int:
            """Count the number of x."""
            return self.index_right(x) - self.index(x)
    
        def add(self, x: T) -> None:
            """Add an element. / O(√N)"""
            if self.size == 0:
                self.a = [[x]]
                self.size = 1
                return
            (a, b, i) = self._position(x)
            a.insert(i, x)
            self.size += 1
            if len(a) > len(self.a) * self.SPLIT_RATIO:
                mid = len(a) >> 1
                self.a[b:b + 1] = [a[:mid], a[mid:]]
    
        def _pop(self, a: List[T], b: int, i: int) -> T:
            ans = a.pop(i)
            self.size -= 1
            if not a:
                del self.a[b]
            return ans
    
        def discard(self, x: T) -> bool:
            """Remove an element and return True if removed. / O(√N)"""
            if self.size == 0:
                return False
            (a, b, i) = self._position(x)
            if i == len(a) or a[i] != x:
                return False
            self._pop(a, b, i)
            return True
    
        def lt(self, x: T) -> Optional[T]:
            """Find the largest element < x, or None if it doesn't exist."""
            for a in reversed(self.a):
                if a[0] < x:
                    return a[bisect_left(a, x) - 1]
    
        def le(self, x: T) -> Optional[T]:
            """Find the largest element <= x, or None if it doesn't exist."""
            for a in reversed(self.a):
                if a[0] <= x:
                    return a[bisect_right(a, x) - 1]
    
        def gt(self, x: T) -> Optional[T]:
            """Find the smallest element > x, or None if it doesn't exist."""
            for a in self.a:
                if a[-1] > x:
                    return a[bisect_right(a, x)]
    
        def ge(self, x: T) -> Optional[T]:
            """Find the smallest element >= x, or None if it doesn't exist."""
            for a in self.a:
                if a[-1] >= x:
                    return a[bisect_left(a, x)]
    
        def __getitem__(self, i: int) -> T:
            """Return the i-th element."""
            if i < 0:
                for a in reversed(self.a):
                    i += len(a)
                    if i >= 0:
                        return a[i]
            else:
                for a in self.a:
                    if i < len(a):
                        return a[i]
                    i -= len(a)
            raise IndexError
    
        def pop(self, i: int=-1) -> T:
            """Pop and return the i-th element."""
            if i < 0:
                for (b, a) in enumerate(reversed(self.a)):
                    i += len(a)
                    if i >= 0:
                        return self._pop(a, ~b, i)
            else:
                for (b, a) in enumerate(self.a):
                    if i < len(a):
                        return self._pop(a, b, i)
                    i -= len(a)
            raise IndexError
    
        def index(self, x: T) -> int:
            """Count the number of elements < x."""
            ans = 0
            for a in self.a:
                if a[-1] >= x:
                    return ans + bisect_left(a, x)
                ans += len(a)
            return ans
    
        def index_right(self, x: T) -> int:
            """Count the number of elements <= x."""
            ans = 0
            for a in self.a:
                if a[-1] > x:
                    return ans + bisect_right(a, x)
                ans += len(a)
            return ans
    t = int(input())
    for _ in range(t):
        n = int(input())
        v = list(map(int, input().split()))
        p = list(map(int, input().split()))
        a = []
        for i in range(n):
            a.append(v[p[i] - 1])
        r = SortedMultiset(a)
        ans = -1
        idx = 1
        for i in range(1, n):
            if r.__len__() < i:
                break
            x = i * r[-i]
            if x > ans:
                ans = x
                idx = i
            r.discard(a[i - 1])
        print(ans, idx)



# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**
Don't forger in the end of your reasoning to print Correctness: **True** or **False**

