
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description and its execution summary. You can use the execution summary as a guide to understand the program’s behavior. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
You have been offered to play a game. In this game, there are n possible
outcomes, and for each of them, you must bet a certain integer amount of
coins. In the event that the i -th outcome turns out to be winning, you will
receive back the amount of coins equal to your bet on that outcome, multiplied
by k_i . Note that exactly one of the n outcomes will be winning.

Your task is to determine how to distribute the coins in such a way that you
will come out ahead in the event of any winning outcome. More formally, the
total amount of coins you bet on all outcomes must be strictly less than the
number of coins received back for each possible winning outcome.

Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of test cases. The description of
the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer n (1 \le n \le 50 )
— the number of outcomes.

The second line of each test case contains n integers k_1,k_2,\ldots,k_n (2
\le k_i \le 20 ) — the multiplier for the amount of coins if the i -th outcome
turns out to be winning.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 2 \cdot
10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output -1 if there is no way to distribute the coins as
required. Otherwise, output n integers x_1, x_2,\ldots, x_n (1 \le x_i \le
10^{9} ) — your bets on the outcomes.

It can be shown that if a solution exists, there is always a solution that
satisfies these constraints.

If there are multiple suitable solutions, output any of them.

Example

Input

    6
    
    3
    
    3 2 7
    
    2
    
    3 3
    
    5
    
    5 5 5 5 5
    
    6
    
    7 9 3 17 9 13
    
    3
    
    6 3 2
    
    5
    
    9 4 6 8 3

Output

    27 41 12 
    1 1 
    -1
    1989 1547 4641 819 1547 1071 
    -1
    8 18 12 9 24
    
Note

In the first test case, the coins can be distributed as follows: 27 coins on
the first outcome, 41 coins on the second outcome, 12 coins on the third
outcome. Then the total amount of coins bet on all outcomes is 27 + 41 + 12 =
80 coins. If the first outcome turns out to be winning, you will receive back
3 \cdot 27 = 81 coins, if the second outcome turns out to be winning, you will
receive back 2 \cdot 41 = 82 coins, if the third outcome turns out to be
winning, you will receive back 7 \cdot 12 = 84 coins. All these values are
strictly greater than 80 .

In the second test case, one way is to bet one coin on each of the outcomes.

# Program:
def func():
    t = int(input())
    for T in range(t):
        bets = int(input())
        a = [int(x) for x in input().split()]
        prod = 1
        for i in range(bets):
            prod *= a[i]
        sumo = 0
        for i in range(bets):
            a[i] = prod // a[i]
            sumo += int(a[i])
        if sumo >= prod:
            print(-1)
        else:
            ans = ''
            for i in range(bets):
                ans += str(a[i]) + ' '
            print(ans)





# Execution Summary:
The function processes a series of test cases. For each test case, it reads the number of bets (`bets`), a list of integers (`a`), calculates the product of the list elements (`prod`), and then updates each element in the list by dividing `prod` by the respective element and summing these updated values (`sumo`). If the sum of the updated list is greater than or equal to the original product, it prints `-1`; otherwise, it prints the updated list as a space-separated string. The function handles up to 10,000 test cases, with each test case containing up to 50 integers in the list, where each integer is between 2 and 20 inclusive.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

