
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
In order to test the hypothesis about the cats, the scientists must arrange
the cats in the boxes in a specific way. Of course, they would like to test
the hypothesis and publish a sensational article as quickly as possible,
because they are too engrossed in the next hypothesis about the phone's
battery charge.

Scientists have n boxes in which cats may or may not sit. Let the current
state of the boxes be denoted by the sequence b_1, \dots, b_n : b_i = 1 if
there is a cat in box number i , and b_i = 0 otherwise.

Fortunately, the unlimited production of cats has already been established, so
in one day, the scientists can perform one of the following operations:

  * Take a new cat and place it in a box (for some i such that b_i = 0 , assign b_i = 1 ). 
  * Remove a cat from a box and send it into retirement (for some i such that b_i = 1 , assign b_i = 0 ). 
  * Move a cat from one box to another (for some i, j such that b_i = 1, b_j = 0 , assign b_i = 0, b_j = 1 ). 

It has also been found that some boxes were immediately filled with cats.
Therefore, the scientists know the initial position of the cats in the boxes
s_1, \dots, s_n and the desired position f_1, \dots, f_n .

Due to the large amount of paperwork, the scientists do not have time to solve
this problem. Help them for the sake of science and indicate the minimum
number of days required to test the hypothesis.

Input

Each test consists of several test cases. The first line contains a single
integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of test cases. This is followed by
descriptions of the test cases.

Each test case consists of three lines.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer n (1 \le n \le 10^5
) — the number of boxes.

The second line of each test case contains a string s of n characters, where
the i -th character is '1' if there is a cat in the i -th box and '0'
otherwise.

The third line of each test case contains a string f of n characters, where
the i -th character is '1' if there should be a cat in the i -th box and '0'
otherwise.

It is guaranteed that in a test the sum of n over all test cases does not
exceed 10^5 .

Output

For each test case, output a single integer on a separate line — the minimum
number of operations required to obtain the desired position from the initial
position. It can be shown that a solution always exists.

Example

Input

    6
    
    5
    
    10010
    
    00001
    
    1
    
    1
    
    1
    
    3
    
    000
    
    111
    
    4
    
    0101
    
    1010
    
    3
    
    100
    
    101
    
    8
    
    10011001
    
    11111110

Output

    2
    0
    3
    2
    1
    4
    
Note

In the first test case, you can first move the cat from the first box to the
fifth, and then remove the cat from the fourth box.

In the second test case, there is nothing to do — the only cat is already
sitting in the correct box.

In the third test case of input data, it takes three days to place a cat in
each box.

# Annotated Program:
#State of the program right berfore the function call: t is an integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4. For each test case, n is an integer such that 1 ≤ n ≤ 10^5. s and f are strings of length n consisting only of '0' and '1'. The sum of n over all test cases does not exceed 10^5.
def func():
    for _ in range(int(input())):
        n = int(input())
        
        s = input()
        
        t = input()
        
        s1 = s.count('1')
        
        t1 = t.count('1')
        
        cnt = 0
        
        for i in range(n):
            cnt += s[i] != t[i]
        
        if s1 == t1:
            print(s1 if cnt else 0)
        else:
            d = abs(s1 - t1)
            print((cnt - d) // 2 + d)
        
    #State: the output of the last test case processed by the loop.
#Overall this is what the function does:The function processes multiple test cases, each consisting of two binary strings `s` and `t` of the same length `n`. For each test case, it calculates and prints a value based on the number of differing positions between the two strings and the count of '1's in each string. Specifically, if the number of '1's in both strings is the same, it prints the number of differing positions if there are any, or 0 if the strings are identical. If the number of '1's differs, it calculates and prints a value that accounts for the necessary changes to make the strings identical in terms of both differing positions and '1' counts.

# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

