
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Two players are playing an online card game. The game is played using a
32-card deck. Each card has a suit and a rank. There are four suits: clubs,
diamonds, hearts, and spades. We will encode them with characters 'C', 'D',
'H', and 'S', respectively. And there are 8 ranks, in increasing order: '2',
'3', '4', '5', '6', '7', '8', '9'.

Each card is denoted by two letters: its rank and its suit. For example, the 8
of Hearts is denoted as 8H.

At the beginning of the game, one suit is chosen as the trump suit.

In each round, players make moves like this: the first player places one of
his cards on the table, and the second player must beat this card with one of
their cards. After that, both cards are moved to the discard pile.

A card can beat another card if both cards have the same suit and the first
card has a higher rank than the second. For example, 8S can beat 4S.
Additionally, a trump card can beat any non-trump card, regardless of the rank
of the cards, for example, if the trump suit is clubs ('C'), then 3C can beat
9D. Note that trump cards can be beaten only by the trump cards of higher
rank.

There were n rounds played in the game, so the discard pile now contains 2n
cards. You want to reconstruct the rounds played in the game, but the cards in
the discard pile are shuffled. Find any possible sequence of n rounds that
might have been played in the game.

Input

The first line contains integer t (1 \le t \le 100 ) â€” the number of test
cases. Then t test cases follow.

The first line of a test case contains the integer number n (1\le n\le 16 ).

The second line of a test case contains one character, the trump suit. It is
one of "CDHS".

The third line of a test case contains the description of 2n cards. Each card
is described by a two-character string, the first character is the rank of the
card, which is one of "23456789", and the second one is the suit of the card,
which is one of "CDHS". All cards are different.

Output

For each test case print the answer to it:

  * Print n lines. In each line, print the description of two cards, in the same format as in the input: the first card that was played by the first player, and then the card that was used by the second player to beat it.
  * If there is no solution, print a single line "IMPOSSIBLE".

If there are multiple solutions, print any of them.

Example

Input

    8
    
    3
    
    S
    
    3C 9S 4C 6D 3S 7S
    
    2
    
    C
    
    3S 5D 9S 6H
    
    1
    
    H
    
    6C 5D
    
    1
    
    S
    
    7S 3S
    
    1
    
    H
    
    9S 9H
    
    1
    
    S
    
    9S 9H
    
    1
    
    C
    
    9D 8H
    
    2
    
    C
    
    9C 9S 6H 8C

Output

    3C 4C
    6D 9S
    3S 7S
    IMPOSSIBLE
    IMPOSSIBLE
    3S 7S
    9S 9H
    9H 9S
    IMPOSSIBLE
    6H 9C
    9S 8C

# Annotated Program:
for _ in range(int(input())):
    func_1()

#State of the program right berfore the function call: t is an integer such that 1 <= t <= 100. For each test case, n is an integer such that 1 <= n <= 16. The trump suit is a single character from the set {'C', 'D', 'H', 'S'}. The description of 2n cards is a list of 2n unique two-character strings, where the first character is a rank from the set {'2', '3', '4', '5', '6', '7', '8', '9'} and the second character is a suit from the set {'C', 'D', 'H', 'S'}.
def func_1():
    input()
    trump = input()
    trumps = []
    answers = []
    suits = {'C': None, 'D': None, 'H': None, 'S': None}
    for card in input().split():
        rank, suit = card
        
        if suit == trump:
            trumps.append(rank)
        elif suits[suit] is not None:
            answers.append(' '.join([(x + suit) for x in sorted([suits[suit], rank])]))
            suits[suit] = None
        else:
            suits[suit] = rank
        
    #State: `trumps` is a list of ranks of trump cards, `answers` is a list of sorted rank pairs for non-trump suits, and `suits` is a dictionary with suits that had unpaired cards mapped to their ranks and other suits mapped to `None`.
    for (suit, rank) in suits.items():
        if rank is None:
            continue
        
        if trumps != []:
            answers.append(f'{rank}{suit} {trumps.pop()}{trump}')
        else:
            print('IMPOSSIBLE')
            return
        
    #State: trumps = [], answers = ['2H 3H', '4S 5S', 'AH K', 'CK Q', 'SQ J'], suits = {'H': 'A', 'D': None, 'C': 'K', 'S': 'Q'}
    trumps = sorted(trumps)
    while trumps != []:
        print(f'{trumps.pop()}{trump} {trumps.pop()}{trump}')
        
    #State: trumps is [], answers is ['2H 3H', '4S 5S', 'AH K', 'CK Q', 'SQ J'], suits is {'H': 'A', 'D': None, 'C': 'K', 'S': 'Q'}
    for answer in answers:
        print(answer)
        
    #State: trumps is [], answers is ['2H 3H', '4S 5S', 'AH K', 'CK Q', 'SQ J'], suits is {'H': 'A', 'D': None, 'C': 'K', 'S': 'Q'}


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

