
Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the problem description and the execution states of the program provided as comments. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.


# Problem:
Timur is in a car traveling on the number line from point 0 to point n . The
car starts moving from point 0 at minute 0 .

There are k+1 signs on the line at points 0, a_1, a_2, \dots, a_k , and Timur
knows that the car will arrive there at minutes 0, b_1, b_2, \dots, b_k ,
respectively. The sequences a and b are strictly increasing with a_k = n .

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/eaf3bfb8e7a8fa4f5e8673f9a02116761cb86c93.png)

Between any two adjacent signs, the car travels with a constant speed. Timur
has q queries: each query will be an integer d , and Timur wants you to output
how many minutes it takes the car to reach point d , rounded down to the
nearest integer.

Input

The first line contains a single integer t (1 \leq t \leq 10^4 ) — the number
of test cases.

The first line of each test case contains three integers n , k , and q , (k
\leq n \leq 10^9 ; 1 \leq k, q \leq 10^5 ) — the final destination, the number
of points Timur knows the time for, and the number of queries respectively.

The second line of each test case contains k integers a_i (1 \leq a_i \leq n ;
a_i < a_{i+1} for every 1 \leq i \leq k-1 ; a_k = n ).

The third line of each test case contains k integers b_i (1 \leq b_i \leq 10^9
; b_i < b_{i+1} for every 1 \leq i \leq k-1 ).

Each of the following q lines contains a single integer d (0 \leq d \leq n ) —
the distance that Timur asks the minutes passed for.

The sum of k over all test cases doesn't exceed 10^5 , and the sum of q over
all test cases doesn't exceed 10^5 .

Output

For each query, output a single integer — the number of minutes passed until
the car reaches the point d , rounded down.

Example

Input

    4
    
    10 1 3
    
    10
    
    10
    
    0
    
    6
    
    7
    
    10 2 4
    
    4 10
    
    4 7
    
    6
    
    4
    
    2
    
    7
    
    1000000000 1 1
    
    1000000000
    
    1000000000
    
    99999999
    
    6 1 3
    
    6
    
    5
    
    2
    
    6
    
    5

Output

    0 6 7 
    5 4 2 5 
    99999999 
    1 5 4 
    
Note

For the first test case, the car goes from point 0 to point 10 in 10 minutes,
so the speed is 1 unit per minute and:

  * At point 0 , the time will be 0 minutes. 
  * At point 6 , the time will be 6 minutes. 
  * At point 7 , the time will be 7 minutes. 

For the second test case, between points 0 and 4 , the car travels at a speed
of 1 unit per minute and between 4 and 10 with a speed of 2 units per minute
and:

  * At point 6 , the time will be 5 minutes. 
  * At point 4 , the time will be 4 minutes. 
  * At point 2 , the time will be 2 minutes. 
  * At point 7 , the time will be 5.5 minutes, so the answer is 5 . 

For the fourth test case, the car travels with 1.2 units per minute, so the
answers to the queries are:

  * At point 2 , the time will be 1.66\dots minutes, so the answer is 1 . 
  * At point 6 , the time will be 5 minutes. 
  * At point 5 , the time will be 4.16\dots minutes, so the answer is 4 .

# Annotated Program:
from bisect import bisect_left

#State of the program right berfore the function call: t is an integer such that 1 ≤ t ≤ 10^4. For each test case, n, k, and q are integers such that k ≤ n ≤ 10^9, 1 ≤ k, q ≤ 10^5, and the sum of k over all test cases does not exceed 10^5, and the sum of q over all test cases does not exceed 10^5. a is a list of k integers where 1 ≤ a_i ≤ n and a_i < a_{i+1} for every 1 ≤ i ≤ k-1, and a_k = n. b is a list of k integers where 1 ≤ b_i ≤ 10^9 and b_i < b_{i+1} for every 1 ≤ i ≤ k-1. d is a list of q integers where 0 ≤ d ≤ n.
def func():
    t = int(input())
    for _ in range(t):
        n, k, q = map(int, input().split())
        
        a = [0] + list(map(int, input().split()))
        
        b = [0] + list(map(int, input().split()))
        
        ad = [0]
        
        bd = [0]
        
        for i in range(1, len(a)):
            ad.append(a[i] - a[i - 1])
        
        for i in range(1, len(b)):
            bd.append(b[i] - b[i - 1])
        
        v = [0]
        
        for i in range(1, len(a)):
            v.append(ad[i] / bd[i])
        
        for l in range(q):
            m = 0
            i = 1
            ql = int(input())
            s = bisect_left(a, ql)
            if a[s] == ql:
                print(b[s], end=' ')
                continue
            ql -= a[s - 1]
            m += b[s - 1]
            m += bd[s] * ql / ad[s]
            print(int(m), end=' ')
        
        print()
        
    #State: Output State: The output state consists of a series of integers printed for each query within each test case. For each test case, there are `t` queries, and for each query, the output is the interpolated value based on the given sequences `a` and `b`. The interpolated value is calculated using the differences between consecutive elements in `a` and `b`, and it is printed for each query. The process repeats for each of the `t` test cases.


# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

