This is the easy version of the problem. In the three versions, the
constraints on n and m are different. You can make hacks only if all the
versions of the problem are solved.

Pak Chanek is setting up internet connections for the village of Khuntien. The
village can be represented as a connected simple graph with n houses and m
internet cables connecting house u_i and house v_i , each with a latency of
w_i .

There are p houses that require internet. Pak Chanek can install servers in at
most k of the houses. The houses that need internet will then be connected to
one of the servers. However, since each cable has its latency, the latency
experienced by house s_i requiring internet will be the maximum latency of the
cables between that house and the server it is connected to.

For each k = 1,2,\ldots,n , help Pak Chanek determine the minimum total
latency that can be achieved for all the houses requiring internet.

Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of
test cases t (1 \le t \le 100 ). The description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains three integers n , m , p (2 \le n
\le 400 ; n-1 \le m \le 400 ; 1 \le p \le n ) — the number of houses, the
number of cables and the number of houses that need internet.

The second line of each test case contains p integers s_1, s_2, \ldots, s_p (1
\le s_i \le n ) — the houses that need internet. It is guaranteed that all
elements of s are distinct.

The i -th of the next m lines of each test case contains three integers u_i ,
v_i , and w_i (1 \le u_i < v_i \le n ; 1 \le w_i \le 10^9 ) — the internet
cable connecting house u_i and house v_i with latency of w_i . It is
guaranteed that the given edges form a connected simple graph.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n^3 and the sum of m^3 do not exceed 10^8 .

Output

For each test case, output n integers: the minimum total latency that can be
achieved for all the houses requiring internet for each k = 1,2,\ldots,n .

Example

Input

    2
    
    9 8 5
    
    2 5 6 8 9
    
    1 2 1
    
    1 3 2
    
    3 4 10
    
    4 5 3
    
    4 6 5
    
    1 7 10
    
    7 8 4
    
    7 9 2
    
    3 3 2
    
    3 1
    
    1 2 1
    
    2 3 3
    
    1 3 2

Output

    34 19 9 4 0 0 0 0 0
    2 0 0
    
Note

In the first test case for k=3 , a possible optimal solution is to install
servers at vertices 2 , 6 and 8 and obtain the following latency:

  * \text{latency}(2) = 0 
  * \text{latency}(5) = \max(3, 5) = 5 
  * \text{latency}(6) = 0 
  * \text{latency}(8) = 0 
  * \text{latency}(9) = \max(2, 4) = 4 

So the total latency is 9 .
