
You are a program verifier. Your task is to determine if a given Python program is correct based on the provided problem description. Assume valid inputs as described in the problem description.

First explain your reasoning  then reply Correctness: **True**  if the given program is correct or Correctness: **False**  if the given program is incorrect.

# Problem:
This is a hard version of the problem; it differs from the easy version only
by the question. The easy version only needs you to print whether some values
are non-zero or not. The hard version needs you to print the exact values.

Alice and Bob are dividing the field. The field is a rectangle of size n
\times m (2 \le n, m \le 10^9 ); the rows are numbered from 1 to n from top to
bottom, and the columns are numbered from 1 to m from left to right. The cell
at the intersection of row r and column c is denoted as (r, c ).

Bob has k (2 \le k \le 2 \cdot 10^5 ) fountains, all of them are located in
different cells of the field. Alice is responsible for dividing the field, but
she must meet several conditions:

  * To divide the field, Alice will start her path in any free (without a fountain) cell on the left or top side of the field and will move, each time moving to the adjacent cell down or right. Her path will end on the right or bottom side of the field. 
  * Alice's path will divide the field into two parts — one part will belong to Alice (this part includes the cells of her path), the other part — to Bob. 
  * Alice will own the part that includes the cell (n, 1 ). 
  * Bob will own the part that includes the cell (1, m ). 

Alice wants to divide the field in such a way as to get as many cells as
possible.

Bob wants to keep ownership of all the fountains, but he can give one of them
to Alice. First, output the integer \alpha — the maximum possible size of
Alice's plot, if Bob does not give her any fountain (i.e., all fountains will
remain on Bob's plot).

Then output k non-negative integers a_1, a_2, \dots, a_k , where a_i is a
value such that after Bob gives Alice the i -th fountain, the maximum size of
her plot will be \alpha + a_i .

Input

The first line contains a single integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4 ) — the number of
test cases.

The first line of each test case contains three integers n , m , and k (2 \le
n, m \le 10^9 , 2 \le k \le 2 \cdot 10^5 ) — the field sizes and the number of
fountains, respectively.

Then follow k lines, each containing two numbers r_i and c_i (1 \le r_i \le n
, 1 \le c_i \le m ) — the coordinates of the cell with the i -th fountain. It
is guaranteed that all cells are distinct and none of them is (n, 1 ).

It is guaranteed that the sum of k over all test cases does not exceed 2 \cdot
10^5 .

Output

For each test case, first output \alpha — the maximum size of the plot that
can belong to Alice if Bob does not give her any of the fountains. Then output
k non-negative integers a_1, a_2, \dots, a_k , where a_i is a value such that
after Bob gives Alice the i -th fountain, the maximum size of her plot will be
\alpha + a_i .

Example

Input

    5
    
    2 2 3
    
    1 1
    
    1 2
    
    2 2
    
    5 5 4
    
    1 2
    
    2 2
    
    3 4
    
    4 3
    
    2 5 9
    
    1 2
    
    1 5
    
    1 1
    
    2 2
    
    2 4
    
    2 5
    
    1 4
    
    2 3
    
    1 3
    
    6 4 4
    
    6 2
    
    1 3
    
    1 4
    
    1 2
    
    3 4 5
    
    2 1
    
    3 2
    
    1 4
    
    1 3
    
    2 4

Output

    1
    1 0 1 
    11
    0 1 0 4 
    1
    0 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 
    6
    15 0 0 0 
    1
    2 3 0 0 0 
    
Note

Below are the images for the second example:

![](https://espresso.codeforces.com/1097a3c831bcbd4e6363a26497eb7991ad8ac903.png)
The indices of the fountains are labeled in green. The cells belonging to
Alice are marked in blue.

Note that if Bob gives Alice fountain 1 or fountain 3 , then that fountain
cannot be on Alice's plot.

# Program:
import math
#Function 1:
def func_1(fountain, n, m):
    (r, c) = fountain
    diagonal_distance = abs(r + c - (n + 1))
    return max(diagonal_distance // 2, 0)

#Function 2:
def func_2():
    import sys
    input = sys.stdin.read
    data = input().split()
    index = 0
    t = int(data[index])
    index += 1
    results = []
    for _ in range(t):
        n = int(data[index])
        m = int(data[index + 1])
        k = int(data[index + 2])
        index += 3
        alpha = (n * m + 1) // 2
        additional_areas = []
        for __ in range(k):
            r = int(data[index])
            c = int(data[index + 1])
            index += 2
            additional_areas.append(func_1((r, c), n, m))
        results.append((alpha, additional_areas))
    for result in results:
        (alpha, additional_areas) = result
        print(alpha)
        print(' '.join(map(str, additional_areas)))



# Your response:
Reasoning:  
Correctness: **True** or **False**

